MONDAY EVENING 



 CHAPTER one 



 if he have a chance , Peter McDermott , the assistant general manager of the St. Gregory Hotel , would have fire the chief house detective long ago . the ex - policeman be again miss when he be need most . 



 Christine Francis , who have leave her own office a few minute early , glance at her wrist watch . a few minute before eleven p.m. " he might be in the bar on Baronne Street . " 



 Peter McDermott nod . he take out cigarette and offer they to Christine . she accept one and McDermott light it , then do the same for himself . she have be work late and be about to go home when she see the light under Peter 's door . 



 " W.T. allow Mr Ogilvie to make his own rule , " Christine say . 



 " you be right . I try to make an official complaint against he once , but W.T. decline it and warn I not to do it ever again . " 



 she say quietly , " I do not know that . " 



 " I think you know everything . " 



 and usually she do . as personal assistant to Warren Trent , the owner of New Orleans ' large hotel , Christine know all inner secret and its day - to - day affair . 



 Christine ask , " what be wrong ? " 



 " we have a complaint from the eleventh floor about a sex orgy ; on the ninth the Duchess of Croydon claim her Duke have be insult by a room - service waiter ; somebody be moan horribly in 1439 . " 



 he speak into the telephone and Christine go to the office window . she suddenly realize how very tired she be . look at the city , she could see into the tight , crowded rectangle of the french Quarter , where light in front of late night bar , bistros , jazz hall , and strip joint would burn into tomorrow morning . 



 the rain would be welcome , suddenly think Christine . for three week the city have suffer from heat . this afternoon there have be another complaint about the air conditioning from the chief engineer . 



 Peter McDermott put down the telephone and she ask , " do you have a name of the room where the moaning be ? " 



 " Albert Wells , Montreal . " 



 " I know he , " Christine say . " a nice little man who stay here every year . if you like , I can help you with he . " 



 he hesitate . 



 the telephone rang and he answer it . " I be sorry , sir , " the operator say , " we can not locate Mr Ogilvie . " 



 " never mind . " even if McDermott could not fire the chief house detective , he would do some hell raise in the morning . meanwhile he could send someone else to the eleventh and handle the Duke and Duchess incident himself . 



 he ask the operator for the bell captain and recognize the nasal voice of Herbie Chandler , one of the St. Gregory 's old - timer . McDermott explain the problem and ask Chandler to investigate the complaint about an alleged sex orgy . " that be not my job , Mr Mac , and we be still busy down here . " as McDermott have expect . 



 McDermott instruct , " I want you to take care of that complaint now . and something else : send a boy with a pass key to meet Miss Francis . " he replace the phone before there could be any more discussion . 



 " let us go . take a bellboy with you . " his hand touch Christine 's shoulder lightly . 





 CHAPTER two 



 Herbie Chandler stand thoughtfully by the bell captain 's desk in the St. Gregory lobby . 



 the bell captain 's post command a view of the lobby 's coming and going . there be plenty of movement now . two convention be to take place in the hotel soon , and the conventioneer have be in and out all evening . 



 occasional new arrival be room now by bellboy . the " boy " be a figure of speech since none be young than forty , and several gray veteran have be with the hotel a quarter century or more . Herbie Chandler hold the power of hire and fire his bell staff . he prefer old man . someone who have to grunt a bit with heavy luggage be likely to earn big tip than a youngster . one old - timer , who actually be as strong as a mule , seldom earn less than a dollar from conscience - stricken guest . what they do not know be that ten per cent of their tip would go to Herbie Chandler 's pocket with the two dollar daily from each bellboy as the price of retain his job . 



 McDermott have just instruct he to investigate a complaint on the eleventh floor . but Herbie Chandler have no need to investigate because he know what be happen there . he have arrange it himself . 



 three hour early two youth , whose father be wealthy local citizen and frequent guest of the hotel , come up to he with a request . " listen , Herbie . we have take a suite . " the first boy flush . " we want a couple of girl . " 



 it be too risky . both be little more than boy , and he suspect they have be drink . he begin , " sorry , gentleman , " when the second youth cut in . 



 " we can pay , Herbie . you know that . how much ? " 



 the bell captain hesitate , his mind work greedily . Herbie remember their father , and multiply the standard rate by two . " a hundred dollar . " 



 there be a momentary pause . then one of the boy , Dixon , say decisively , " you get a deal . " 



 " in advance , gentleman . and you will have to make sure there be no noise . if we get complaint , there could be trouble for all of we . " 



 there would be no noise , they have assure he , but now , it seem , there have be . 



 an hour ago the girl have come in through the front entrance as usual , with only a few of the hotel 's staff aware that they be not register hotel guest . both should have leave by now . the eleventh floor complaint mean that something have go seriously wrong . Herbie be now wonder whether he should go upstairs or stay away . 





 CHAPTER three 



 the St. Gregory 's large and most elaborate suite have house a number of distinguished guest , include president and royalty . the Duke and Duchess of Croydon , plus their secretary , the Duchess 's maid , and five terrier occupy the suite now . 



 wait in front of the door , McDermott think what he have hear about the Croydons . 



 within the past decade , and aid by his Duchess - herself a know public figure and cousin of the Queen - the Duke of Croydon have become a successful ambassador for the british government . more recently , however , there have be rumor that the Duke enjoy a little too much the company of liquor and other man 's wife . though many know that the Duchess have the situation well in hand . after all , the Duke of Croydon be say to be soon name british Ambassador to Washington . 



 " excuse I , Mr McDermott , can I have a word with you ? " 



 McDermott recognize Sol Natchez , one of the elderly room - service waiter . 



 " I expect you have come about the complaint - the complaint about I . " 



 McDermott glance at the double door to the suite . they have not yet open , only the dog be bark . he say , " tell I what happen . " 



 Sol swallow twice , " if I lose this job , Mr McDermott , it be hard at my age to find another . the Duke and the Duchess be not the hard people to serve ... except for tonight . they expect a lot , but I have never mind , even though there be never a tip . " 



 Peter smile involuntarily . british nobility seldom tip , thinking , perhaps , that the privilege of wait on they be a reward in itself . 



 " it be about half an hour ago . they would order a late supper , the Duke and Duchess - oyster , champagne , shrimp Creole . " 



 " what happen ? " 



 " when I be serve the shrimp Creole , well ... the Duchess get up from the table . as she come back she jog my arm . if I do not know well I would have say it be deliberate . " 



 " that be ridiculous ! " 



 " I know , sir , I know . after that there be a small spot on the Duke 's trouser . " 



 Peter say doubtfully , " be that all this be about ? " 



 " Mr McDermott , I swear to you that be all . I apologize , I get a clean napkin and water to get the spot off , but it would not do . she insist on send for Mr Trent ... " 



 " Mr Trent be not in the hotel . " 



 he would hear the other side of the story , Peter decide . meanwhile he instruct , " if you be all through for tonight you would well go home . " 



 as the waiter disappear , the door be open by a moon - face , youngish man with eyeglass . it be the croydon ' secretary . 



 he introduce himself to the secretary . 



 the secretary say , " we be expect Mr Trent . " 



 " Mr Trent be away from the hotel for the evening . " 



 " why can not he be send for ? " the Duchess of Croydon appear , three of the terrier at her heel . she silence the dog and turn her eye on Peter . he be aware of the handsome face , familiar through a thousand photograph . 



 " to be perfectly honest , your grace , I be not aware that you require Mr Trent personally . " 



 " even in Mr Trent 's absence I expect one of the senior executive . " 



 Peter flush . he have an impression , at this moment , of be on foot while the Duchess be mount . 



 " I be assistant general manager . that be why I come personally . " 



 " be not you young for that ? " 



 " nowadays a good many young man be in hotel management . " 



 " how old be you ? " 



 " thirty - two . " 



 the Duchess smile . she be five or six year old than himself , he calculate , though young than the Duke who be in his late forty . now she ask , " do you take a course or something ? " 



 " I have a degree from Cornell University - the School of Hotel Administration . before come here I be an assistant manager at the Waldorf . " he be tempt to add : from where I be fire and black - list by the chain hotel , so that I be lucky to be here , in an independent hotel . he would not say it , of course , because a private hell be something you live with alone . 



 " the Waldorf would never have tolerate an incident like tonight 's . " 



 " I assure you , ma'am , the St. Gregory will not tolerate it either . " 



 the conversation be like a game of tennis . he wait for the ball to come back . 



 " your waiter pour shrimp Creole over my husband . " 



 it be obviously an exaggeration . he wonder what have cause it . 



 " I be here to apologize for the hotel . " 



 " my husband and I decide to enjoy a quiet evening in our suite here , by ourselves . we be out for a short walk , then we return to supper - and this ! " 



 he be about to leave when the door to the living room open fully . the Duke of Croydon come in . he be untidily dress , in a white shirt and the trouser of a tuxedo . instinctively Peter McDermott 's eye seek the spot where Natchez have " pour shrimp Creole . " he find it , though it be barely visible . 



 " oh , beg pardon . " then , to the duchess : " I say , old girl . I must have leave my cigarette in the car . " 



 " I will bring some . " with a nod the Duke turn back into the living room . it be an uncomfortable scene that have for some reason heighten the Duchess 's anger . 



 turn to Peter , she snap , " I insist on a full report and a personal apology . " 



 still perplexed , Peter leave the suite . the bellboy who have accompany Christine be wait for he . " Miss Francis want you in 1439 , please , hurry ! " 





 CHAPTER FOUR 



 when the elevator stop at the fourteenth floor , Christine think that if five year ago someone at the University of Wisconsin have ask what twenty - year - old Chris Francis would do a couple of year later , she would have never guess she would work in a New Orleans hotel . 



 after the accident in Wisconsin , she have seek a place , where she could be unknown and which be unfamiliar to herself . familiar thing have become an ache of heart . strangely there be never nightmare after that day at Madison airport . 



 she have be there to see her family leave for Europe . her mother , her father , her eld sister , embrace Christine ; and even Tony , two year young and hate public affection , consent to be kiss . they all promise to write , even though she would join they in Paris two week later when term end . 



 and a few minute later the big jet take off with a roar . it barely clear the runway before it fall back , one wing low , become a whirling Catherine wheel , for a moment a dust cloud , and then a torch . finally , it turn into a silent pile of machinery fragment and what be leave of human flesh . 



 it be five year ago . a few week after , she leave Wisconsin and never return . 



 Jimmy Duckworth , the bellboy accompany she , notice , " room 1439 - that be the old gent , Mr Wells . we move he from a corner room a couple of day ago . " 



 down the corridor , a door open and a man come out . close the door behind he , he hesitate , eye Christine with frank interest . barely perceptibly , the bellboy shake his head . Christine , who miss nothing , suppose she should be flatter to be mistake for a call girl . Herbie Chandler 's list embrace a glamorous membership . 



 " why be Mr Wells 's room change ? " 



 " somebody else have 1439 and raise a fuss . " 



 Christine remember 1439 now ; there have be complaint before . it be next to the service elevator and serve as the meeting place of all the hotel 's smoker . the place be noisy and unbearably hot . 



 " why be Mr Wells ask to move ? 



 " I guess it be because he never complain . " Christine 's lip tighten angrily as Jimmy Duckworth go on , " they give he that table beside the kitchen door , the one no one else will have . he do not seem to mind , they say . " 



 at the realization that a regular guest , who also happen to be a quiet and gentle man , have be so awfully treat , fury rise inside she . 



 they stop at the door of 1439 . the bellboy knock . at once there be a response , a moaning . 



 " open the door - quickly ! " Christine instruct . 



 the room , as Christine enter , be stiflingly hot , though the air - conditioning regulator be set hopefully to " cool . " but then she see the struggle figure , half upright in the bed . it be the birdlike little man she know as Albert Wells . his face be ashen gray , his eye be bulge and his lip be tremble . he be attempt desperately to breathe . 



 she go quickly to the bedside , " get the window open . we need air in here . " 



 the bellboy say nervously , " the window 's seal . they do it for the air conditioning . " 



 " then force it . if you have to , break the glass . " 



 she have already pick up the telephone beside the bed , " this be Miss Francis . be Dr. Aarons in the hotel ? " 



 " no , Miss Francis ; but he leave a number . " 



 " it be an emergency . tell Dr. Aarons room 1439 , and to hurry , please . ask how long he will take to get here , then call I back . " 



 the elderly man be breathe no well than before . his face be turn blue . the moaning have begin again . 



 " Mr Wells , " she say , try to sound confident , " you might breathe more easily if you keep perfectly still . " as if in response to Christine 's word , the little man 's struggle lessen . Christine put an arm around Mr Wells . she put the pillow behind his back , so that he could lean back , sit upright at the same time . his eye be fix on her , try to convey gratitude . " I have send for a doctor . he will be here at any moment . " 



 the bellboy have use a coat hanger to break a seal on the window . and now a draft of cool fresh air enter the room . in the bed Albert Wells gasp greedily at the new air . as he do , the telephone rang . Christine answer it . 



 " Dr. Aarons be on his way , Miss Francis . he will be at the hotel in twenty minute . " 



 Christine hesitate . he could come too late . also , she sometimes have doubt about his competence . she tell the operator , " I be not sure we can wait that long . would you check our own guest list to see if we have any doctor register ? " 



 " I already do that . there be a Dr. Koenig in 221 , and Dr. Uxbridge in 1203 . " 



 " all right , ring 221 , please . " doctor who register in hotel expect privacy , once in a while , though , emergency justify a break with protocol . 



 a sleepy voice answer , " yes , who be it ? " 



 Christine identify herself . " I be sorry to disturb you , Dr. Koenig , but one of our other guest be extremely ill . I wonder if you could come . " 



 " my dear young lady , I would be very glad to assist . alas , I be a doctor of music , here to ' guest conduct ' this city 's fine symphony orchestra . " 



 Christine have an impulse to laugh . she apologize . 



 " of course , if my unfortunate fellow guest become beyond the help of the other kind of doctor , I could bring my violin to play for he . " 



 " thank you . I hope that will not be necessary . " she be impatient to make the next call . 



 Dr. Uxbridge in 1203 answer the telephone at once . he could help and promise to come in a few minute . 



 Christine instruct the bellboy to go find Mr McDermott and bring he here . she pick up the telephone again . 



 " the chief engineer , please . " 



 Doc Vickery be Christine 's friend , and she know that she be one of his favorite . in a few word she tell he about Albert Wells . " the doctor be not here yet , but he will probably want oxygen . " 



 " I will bring it myself . if I do not , some clown will likely open a tank under your man 's nose , and that will finish he for sure . " 



 the little man 's eye be close . he appear not to be breathe at all . 



 there be a tap at the open door and a tall man step in from the corridor . a dark blue suit fail to conceal beige pajama beneath . " Uxbridge , " he announce in a quiet , firm voice . 



 the newcomer take out a syringe , assemble it . when he have draw the fluid from a small glass vial into the syringe , he push the patient 's sleeve upward , cleanse the forearm above a vein with alcohol and insert the syringe . glance at his watch , he begin to inject the liquid slowly . 



 " aminophylline ; it should stimulate the heart . " 



 a minute pass . two . the syringe be half empty . so far there be no response . 



 Christine whisper , " what be it that be wrong ? " 



 " severe bronchitis , with asthma as a complication . I suspect he be have these attack before . " 



 suddenly the little man be breathe , more slowly than before , but with full , deep breath . his eye open . the tension in the room have lessen . 



 " you be very ill when we find you , Mr Wells . this be Dr. Uxbridge who be stay in the hotel and come to help . " 



 Mr Wells look at the doctor and say with an effort : " thank you . " 



 " if there be anyone to thank it should be this young lady . " 



 the doctor then tell Christine , " the gentleman be still very sick and will need further medical attention . my advice be for immediate transfer to a hospital . " 



 " no , no ! I do not want that . " the word come from the elderly man in the bed . 



 for the first time Christine study his appearance . originally she have judge he to be in his early sixty ; now she decide to add a half dozen year . his face hold an expression , which be mild and inoffensive , almost apologetic . 



 the first occasion she have meet Albert Wells have be two year early . he have come to the hotel 's executive suite , concern about his bill . the amount in question be seventy - five cent , and Albert Wells insist that he do not owe it to the hotel . Christine prove that the little man be right . she like he and respect he for his stand . 



 " if you stay here , you will need a nurse for twenty - four hour and oxygen . " 



 the little man insist , " you can arrange about a nurse , can not you , miss ? " 



 " I suppose we could . " she wonder , though doubt whether he have any idea of the high cost of private nursing . 



 the chief engineer come in , wheel an oxygen cylinder on a trolley . 



 " this be not hospital style , Chris . it might work , though . " 



 Dr. Uxbridge seem surprised . Christine explain her original idea that oxygen might be need , and introduce the chief engineer , who be connect the tube to the plastic bag . 



 " this hotel appear to have some highly competent help . " Dr. Uxbridge be still perplexed . 



 she laugh . " wait until we mix up your reservation . you will change your mind . " 



 the chief engineer have connect the free end of the rubber tube to the green cylinder with oxygen . Dr. Uxbridge tell he , " we will begin with five minute on oxygen and five minute off . " together they arrange the improvise mask around the sick man 's face . 



 " have you send for a local doctor ? " 



 Christine explain about Dr. Aarons . 



 Dr. Uxbridge nod in approval . 



 there be firm footstep down the corridor and Peter McDermott stride in . his eye go to the bed . " will he be all right ? " 



 " I think so . " then she bring Peter into the corridor and describe the change in room , which the bellboy have tell she about . " if he stay , we should give he another room , and I imagine we could get a nurse . " 



 Peter nod in agreement . a few minute later , everything be arrange . 





 CHAPTER five 



 " you must have be insane , " the Duchess of Croydon protest after Peter McDermott 's departure , carefully close the inner door behind she . 



 " I be sorry , old girl . could not hear the fellow . thought he would leave . " 



 " you make it sound as if it be all some sort of game . " 



 the Duchess go on accusingly , " I be do the good I could . I even invent a walk that we go for in case anyone see we come in . and then you announce you leave your cigarette in the car . " 



 " only one hear I . " 



 " he notice . I be watch his face . " she continue , " we would be suspect . that be why I make that trouble with the waiter . it be not an alibi but it be the next good thing . go gambling tonight be madness ; and to take that woman ... " 



 " we have already discuss that , " the Duke say wearily . " exhaustively . on our way back . before it happen . " the Duke of Croydon sip his drink . " why would you marry I ? " 



 " I suppose it be mostly that you stand out in our circle as someone who be do something worthwhile . " 



 " Washington ? " the word be a question . 



 " we could manage it , " the Duchess say . " if I could keep you sober and in your own bed . " 



 " Aha ! " her husband laugh . " a cold bed it be . ever wonder why I marry you ? " he drink again , as if for courage , " want you in that bed . fast . legally . " 



 " I be surprised you bother . with so many other to choose from - before and since . " 



 " do not want other . want you . still do . magnificent . savage . passionate . " 



 " stop it ! stop it ! " her face be white , her voice high pitch . " I do not care if the police catch you ! I hope they do ! I hope you get ten year ! " 





 CHAPTER SIX 



 after make the necessary arrangement , Peter McDermott return to 1439 and ask for Dr. Uxbridge 's permission to transfer the patient to another room on the same floor . 



 the doctor who have respond to Christine 's emergency call nod . 



 then McDermott turn to Christine , " we will let Dr. Aarons arrange nursing care . " 



 " I be worried about that . I do not think he have much money . " when she be concentrate , Peter notice , Christine 's nose have a charming way of crinkle . he be aware of her closeness and a faint , fragrant perfume . 



 " oh well , " he say , " we will let the credit department look into it then . now let us get Mr Wells to 1410 . " but the doorway , they discover , be an inch too narrow for the bed . 



 " never mind , " Peter say . " there be a quick way - if you be agreeable , Mr Wells . " 



 the other smile , and nod . Peter bend down , put a blanket around the elderly man 's shoulder and pick he up . 



 " you have strong arm , son , " the little man say . 



 Peter smile . then , as easily , as if his burden be a child , he stride down the corridor and into the new room . 



 fifteen minute later all be function . the oxygen equipment have be successfully transfer , the air conditioning make the air sweeter . the resident physician , Dr. Aarons , have arrive , and accept Dr. Uxbridge 's offer to drop in the following day . a private duty nurse have be telephone be on the way . Albert Wells be sleep gently . 



 walk with Peter toward the elevator , Christine say , " I be glad we let he stay . some place would not . all they want be people to check in , check out , and pay the bill . " 



 " a real hotel be for hospitality if a guest need it . unfortunately , too many people in hotel business have forget it . " 



 " you think we have forget here ? " 



 " you be damn right we have ! a lot of the time , anyway . if I have my way there would be a good many change ... " he stop , embarrassed . the St. Gregory be inefficient in many way . currently the hotel be face a financial crisis . " but W.T. be not keen on new idea . " 



 " that be no reason for give up . " 



 he laugh . " you sound like a woman . " 



 " I be a woman . " 



 " I know , " Peter say . " I have just begin to notice . " 



 for most of the time he have know Christine - since his own arrival at the St. Gregory - he have take she for grant . recently , though , he have start to notice how attractive she be . 



 " I do not have dinner tonight ; too much go on . if you feel like it , how about join I for a late supper ? " 



 Christine say , " I love late supper . " 



 " there be one more thing I want to check . I send Herbie Chandler to look into that trouble on the eleventh but I do not trust he . will you wait on the main mezzanine ? " 



 his hand be surprisingly gentle for his size . it be an interesting face as well , with a hint of determination , she think . 



 " all right , " she agree . " I will wait . " 





 CHAPTER SEVEN 



 Marsha Preyscott wish she have spend her nineteenth birthday some other way . it have be a mistake to come here . but as always , and rebelliously , she have seek something different , which be what Lyle Dumaire have promise . 



 she have know that boy for year and date occasionally . his father be president of one of the city 's bank as well as a close friend of her own father . without think about it , she say yes , when he ask whether she want to come with he upstairs to the small , crowded suite 1126 - 7 . there be more people than she expect , and some of the boy be already very drunk . one of the girl have pass out . 



 something be happen in the adjoining room , to which the door be close , though a group of boy , whom Lyle Dumaire have join - leave Marsha alone - be there . she hear a question , " what be it like ? " but the answer be lose in a shout of laughter . when she realize , or at least suspect , what be happen , disgust make she want to leave . 



 if her father have come home as he promise , she would not have be here now . instead , there would have be a birthday celebration at home . but he have not come home . instead , he have telephone from Rome . perhaps , there be some thing in Rome , which he would not tell she about , just as she would never tell he what be happen in room 1126 now . 



 Youth be a dull time , Marsha often think , especially when you have to share it with other the same age as yourself . there be moment - and this be one - when she long for companionship that be more mature . she would not find it though in Lyle Dumaire . 



 other be begin to leave the suite . one of the old boy whom she know as Stanley Dixon come out from the other room , " ... girl say they be go . " 



 " why not somebody from here ? " it be Lyle Dumaire 's voice , much less under control than it have be early . 



 " yeah , but who ? " 



 Marsha ignore they . the suite be almost clear . if Lyle plan to escort she , Marsha think , she would turn he down . 



 then she hear the outer door close . Stanley Dixon be stand in front of it , his hand behind he . the lock click . 



 " hey , Marsha , " Lyle Dumaire say . " what be the big rush ? " 



 Marsha have know Lyle since childhood , but now there be a difference . 



 " I be go home . " 



 " aw , come on . have a drink . " 



 " no , thank you . " 



 " you be go to be a good girl , be not you ? " 



 " some of we have have a good time already . it be make we want more of the same , " say Dixon . the other two , whose name she do not know , be grin . 



 " I be not interested in what you want . " though her voice be firm , she be aware of an underlie note of fear . 



 " Listen , Marsha , " Lyle bluster . " we know you want to . all girl want to . eh , fellas ? " 



 they begin to move close . 



 " if you touch I I shall scream . " 



 suddenly , without seem to move , Dixon be behind she , clap a big sweaty hand across her mouth , another hold her arm . she struggle , and try to bite the hand , but without success . 



 " Listen , Marsha , " Lyle say , " you be go to get it , so you might as well enjoy it . " 



 Lyle have the other arm and together they be force she toward the adjoining bedroom . 



 " somebody grab her foot . " the remain boy take hold . with a sense of unreality Marsha feel herself be carry through the bedroom doorway . 



 " get her thing off , " someone say . 



 there be twin bed in the room . resist wildly , Marsha be force backward onto the near . a moment later she lie across it , her head press back cruelly . all she could see be the ceiling above . 



 Dixon be half sit on the bed , near her head . she feel hand hold she . she attempt to kick but her leg be pin down . someone tear her dress . 



 " I be first , " Stanley Dixon say . " somebody take over here . " 



 her leg be still hold firmly , but Dixon 's hand on her face be move , another take its place . it be an opportunity . as the new hand come over , Marsha bite fiercely . she feel her tooth go into flesh , meet bone . 



 inflate her lung , Marsha scream . " help ! please help I ! " 



 only the last word be cut off by Stanley Dixon 's hand . she hear he snarl , " you fool ! you stupid goon ! " 



 " she bite I ! " 



 there be a knock on the outside door . 



 " Christ ! somebody do hear . " 



 " what do we do ? " 



 the knocking be repeat . 



 " I will go , " say Dixon . he murmur to one of the other , " hold she down and this time do not make any mistake . " 



 the lock click . 



 " excuse I , sir . I be an employee of the hotel . I happen to be pass and hear someone cry out . " 



 " well , thank . but it be only my wife have a nightmare . " 



 twist her body sideways , Marsha free her mouth . " help ! " she call before she could be stop . 



 she hear the new voice say , " I would like to come in , please . " 



 " this be a private room . I tell you my wife be have a nightmare . " 



 " I be sorry , sir ; I do not believe you . " 



 the hand upon Marsha remove themselves . a young Negro be enter . in his early twenty , he have an intelligent face and be neatly dress . " let the young lady go . " 



 " take a look , fella , " Dixon say . " take a look at who be give order . you ask for it , nigger boy . " his right fist blow would have fell the young Negro , but in a single movement the other move sideways . in the same instant the Negro 's own left fist land with a crack at the side of his attacker 's face . 



 a hand on his cheek , Dixon say , " let us get he ! " 



 assault by three , the Negro go down . Marsha hear the thud of blow and also a grow hum of voice in the corridor . the other hear the voice as well and hurry out of the room hastily . 



 the young Negro be rise from the floor , his face bloody . 



 outside , a new , authoritative voice ask . " where be the disturbance , please ? " 



 " in there . " 



 the door open wide and then close from the inside . 



 Peter McDermott ask , " what happen ? " 



 Marsha 's body be shiver with sob . she attempt to stand , but fall back weakly : " try ... rape ... " 



 McDermott 's look at the young Negro . 



 " no ! no ! " call Marsha . " it be not he ! he come to help ! " 



 the young Negro put the handkerchief away from his face , " why do not you go ahead , Mr McDermott , and hit I . you could always say afterward it be a mistake . " 



 McDermott have a profound dislike of Aloysius Royce who combine the role of personal valet to the hotel owner , Warren Trent , with the study of law at Loyola University , and whom Peter find too arrogant . 



 " there be four of they . four nice white young gentleman . I recognize two of they . " 



 Peter cross to the telephone beside the nearer bed . 



 " who you call ? " 



 " the city police . " 



 there be a smile on the young Negro 's face . " I would not do it . for one thing , I would have to be a witness . and no court in Louisiana be go to take a nigger boy 's word in a white rape case . not when four young white gentleman say the nigger boy be lie . not even if Miss Preyscott support the nigger boy , which I doubt her pappy'd let she . " 



 Peter put down the receiver as what Royce have say be true . " do you say ' Miss Preyscott ' ? " 



 Unhappily , Marsha nod . 



 " Miss Preyscott , " Peter say , " do you know the people who be responsible for what happen ? " 



 " yes . " 



 " and do you come here with they to this suite ? " 



 again a whisper . " yes . " 



 " it be up to you , Miss Preyscott , whether you make an official complaint or not . whatever you decide , the hotel will go along with . but I be afraid Royce be right about publicity . " he add : " of course , it be really something for your father to decide . " 



 Marsha raise her head , look directly at Peter for the first time . " my father 's in Rome . do not tell he , please , ever . " 



 Peter be startled to see how much of a child Marsha be , and how very beautiful . " be there anything I can do now ? " 



 " I do not know . " she begin to cry again . 



 uncertainly , Peter take out a white linen handkerchief , which Marsha accept . 



 " thank you . " 



 " I think you should rest a while . " 



 " I do not want to stay here . I could not . " 



 he nod understandingly . " in a little while we will get you home . " 



 " no ! not that ! please , be not there somewhere else ... in the hotel ? " 



 Peter hesitate . " there be 555 , I suppose . " he glance at Royce . 



 Room 555 be a small one , which go with the assistant general manager 's job . Peter rarely use it , except to change . it be empty now . 



 " it will be all right , " Marsha say . " as long as someone phone my home . ask for Anna the housekeeper . " 



 " I will go get the key , " Royce offer . 



 as the young Negro open the outer door , voice filter in , with a barrage of eager question . McDermott hear Royce 's answer , quietly reassuring , then the voice fade . 



 Marsha murmur , " you have not tell I who you be . " 



 " I be sorry . " he tell she his name and his connection with the hotel . 



 she be take to 555 in a service elevator and show to the bathroom . there be man 's pajama there prepare for she , in dark blue , and too large . she put they on . 



 hand help she into bed . she be aware of Peter McDermott 's calm voice once more . it be a voice she like , Marsha think - and its owner also . " Royce and I be leave now , Miss Preyscott . the door to this room be self - lock and the key be beside your bed . you will not be disturb . " 



 " thank you . " sleepily she ask , " whose pajama ? " 



 " they be mine . I be sorry they be so big . " 



 " no matter ... nice ... " it be her final thought . 





 CHAPTER eight 



 it have be a full evening , Peter think - with its share of unpleasantness - though not exceptional for a big hotel . when the elevator arrive he tell the operator , " Lobby , please . " Christine be wait on the main mezzanine , but his business on the main floor would take only a few minute . 



 he note with impatience that although the elevator door be close , they have not yet start down . 



 " be you sure the gate be fully close ? " 



 " yes , sir , they be . it be not that , it be the connection I think , either here or up top , " the operator explain . 



 with a jerk the mechanism take hold and the elevator start down . 



 Peter make a mental note to ask the chief engineer exactly what be wrong . 



 it be almost half - past - twelve by the lobby clock as he step from the elevator . Peter turn right toward Reception , but have go only a few pace when he be aware of an obese figure approach he . it be Ogilvie , the chief house officer . as always , he be accompany by an odor of stale cigar smoke . 



 " I hear you be look for I , " Ogilvie say . 



 Peter feel some of his early anger return . " I certainly be . where be you ? " 



 " do my job , Mr McDermott . I be over at police headquarters report some trouble we have here . there be a suitcase steal from the baggage room today . " 



 " police headquarters ! which room be the poker game in ? " 



 " maybe you should speak to Mr Trent about it . " 



 Warren Trent would never take action against Ogilvie , who have be at the St. Gregory as long as the hotel proprietor himself . there be some who say that the fat detective know where a body or two be bury , and thus have a hold over Warren Trent . 



 " well , you have miss a couple of emergency , " Peter say . perhaps after all , he reflect , it be good that Ogilvie have not be available . 



 the night clerk whom he have telephone early to ask for a room be at the desk . " thank you for help I out with that problem on the fourteenth . we have Mr Wells in 1410 . Dr. Aarons be arrange nursing care , and the chief have bring up oxygen . but I be concerned why Mr Wells be move into that other room early . " 



 " I will find that out . " 



 " we have have some trouble on the eleventh , too . do you mind tell I whose name 1126 - 7 be in ? " 



 the room clerk flip through his record and produce a card . " Mr Stanley Dixon . he be the car dealer 's son . Mr Dixon senior be often in the hotel . " 



 " thank you . have his bill send to I tomorrow , and I will write a letter . there will be a claim for damage . " 



 " very well , Mr McDermott . and as I understand it , the suite be available now . " 



 " yes . " with a friendly " good night " to the room clerk he cross the lobby to an unoccupied desk , use in daytime by one of the assistant manager . he find Mark Preyscott at a Garden District address in a phone book . 



 the ring tone continue for some time before a woman 's voice answer sleepily . identify himself , he announce , " I have a message for Anna from Miss Preyscott . " 



 " this be Anna . be Miss Marsha all right ? " 



 " she be all right , but she ask I to tell you that she will stay the night at the hotel . " 



 the housekeeper 's voice say , " who do you say that be again ? " 



 " look , " he say , " if you want to check , why do not you call back ? it be the St. Gregory , and ask for the assistant manager 's desk in the lobby . " 



 in less than a minute they be reconnecte . " it be all right , " she say , " now I know who it be for sure . we worry about Miss Marsha . " 



 he decide he would have a talk with Marsha Preyscott tomorrow to find out what happen before the attempt rape occur . 



 this time he ride up one floor only , to the main mezzanine . 



 Christine be wait in his office . 



 " do not marry a hotel man , " he tell she . " there be never an end to the work . " 



 " I have not tell you , but I have a crush on that new sous - chef . the one who look like Rock Hudson . do we have more trouble ? " 



 " other people 's , mostly . I will tell you as we go . " 



 " where to ? " 



 " anywhere away from the hotel . we have both have enough for one day . " 



 Christine consider . " we could go to the Quarter . there be plenty of place open . or if you want to come to my place , I prepare perfect omelet . " 



 they go to the door where Peter switch off the office light . " an omelet , " he declare , " be what I really want and do not know it . " 





 CHAPTER nine 



 a sleepy parking attendant bring down Christine 's Volkswagen and they climb in . she remind he , " you be go to tell I what happen . " 



 he frown , bring his thought back to the hotel , then in short sentence tell she what he know about the attempt rape of Marsha Preyscott . Christine listen in silence , head the little car northeast as Peter talk , end with the suspicion that Herbie Chandler , the bell captain , have ignore the incident intentionally . " he always know more than he say . " 



 " that be why he be be around a long time . " 



 " be around be not the answer to everything . " 



 in the St. Gregory , a good deal of organization be unwritten , with final judgment depend upon Warren Trent , and make by the hotel owner in his own capricious way . in ordinary circumstance , Peter - a brilliant graduate of Cornell University 's School of Hotel Administration - would have make a decision month ago to seek more satisfying work elsewhere . but circumstance be not ordinary . 



 at the Waldorf , where he have go to work after graduation as a junior assistant manager , Peter McDermott have be the bright young man who seem to hold the future in his hand . at a time when he be supposedly on duty , he be discover in a bedroom with a woman guest . he might have escape retribution . good - look young man who work in hotel get use to flirt with lonely woman . a warning from the management be usually the high possible punishment for such relationship . two factor , however , happen to be against Peter . the fact that it be the woman 's husband , aid by private detective , who discover they , and a messy divorce case , which result in publicity hotel abhor . the end result be unofficial blacklisting by the major chain hotel . only at the St. Gregory , an independent house , have he be able to obtain work . 



 moreover , three year before the Waldorf case , Peter McDermott have marry impulsively and the marriage , soon after , end in separation . to an extent , his loneliness have be a cause of the incident in the hotel . 



 Christine say , " there be something I think you should know . Curtis O'Keefe be arrive in the morning . " 



 it be the kind of news that he have fear , yet half expect . 



 Curtis O'Keefe , head of the worldwide O'Keefe hotel chain , he buy hotel as other man choose tie and handkerchief . 



 Peter ask , " be it a buying trip ? " 



 " it could be . W.T. do not want it that way . but it may turn out there be not any choice . " she be about to add that the last piece of information be confidential , but check herself . Peter would realize that . " there be problem about refinance . " 



 Peter wonder if he have reach the point where a hotel chain , such as O'Keefe , might consider he rehabilitate and worth employ . he doubt it . eventually it could happen , but not yet . 



 he decide to worry about new employment when it happen . 



 " when shall we know for sure ? " 



 " one way or the other by the end of this week . " 



 " that soon ! " 



 they be head north on Elysian Fields , when abruptly a flash white light , wave from side to side , loom directly ahead . Christine brake and , as the car stop , a uniformed traffic officer walk forward . Christine lower her window as the officer come to her side of the car . 



 " you will have to detour . drive slowly through the other lane , and the officer at the far end will wave you back into this one . " 



 " what be it ? " Peter say . 



 " hit and run . happen early tonight . " 



 Christine ask , " be anyone kill ? " 



 the policeman nod . " little girl of seven . " respond to their shocked expression , he tell they , " walk with her mother . the mother 's in the hospital . whoever be in the car drive right on . bastard ! " 



 they be silent as Christine drive slowly through the detour and , at the end of it , be wave back into the regular lane . somewhere in Peter 's mind be a half - thought he could not define . he suppose the incident itself be bother he , as sudden tragedy always do , but a vague uneasiness keep he preoccupy until , with surprise , he hear Christine say , " we be almost home . " 



 " if all else fail , " Peter say cheerfully , " I can go back to bartende . " he be mix drink in Christine 's living room to the sound of break eggshell from the kitchen adjoining . 



 " be you ever one ? " 



 " for a while . " he measure three ounce of rye whiskey , divide it two way . " sometime I will tell you about it . " 



 when he take the drink to the kitchen , Christine be empty beat egg from a mix dish into a softly sizzle pan . 



 " three minute more , " she say , " that be all . " 



 he give she the drink and they clink glass . 



 the omelet prove to be everything she have promise - light , fluffy , and season with herb . " the way omelet should be , " he assure she , " but seldom be . " 



 " I can boil egg too . " 



 " some other breakfast , " he smile . 



 afterward they return to the living room and Peter mix a second drink . it be almost two a.m. sit beside she on the sofa , he point to the odd - appear clock . " I get the feeling that thing be stare at I . " 



 " perhaps it be , " Christine answer . " it be my father 's . he be a doctor and the clock use to be in his office where patient could see it . it be the only thing I save . " 



 once before Christine have tell he , matter - of - factly , about the airplane accident in Wisconsin . now he say gently , " after it happen , you must have feel desperately alone . " 



 she say simply , " I want to die . though you get over that , of course - after a while . that part - want to die - take just a week or two . " 



 " and - after ? " 



 " when I come to New Orleans , " Christine say , " I try to concentrate on not think . for a while I consider go back to university , then decide not . it seem as if I would grow away from it all . " 



 Christine sip her drink , her expression pensive . " anyway , " she go on , " one day I see a sign , which say ' Secretarial School . ' I think - that be it ! I will learn what I need to , then get a job involve endless hour of work . in the end that be exactly what happen . " 



 " why the St. Gregory ? " 



 " I be stay there . I have since I come from Wisconsin . then one morning I see in the classified that the manage director of the hotel want a personal secretary . it be early , so I think I would be first . in those day W.T. arrive at work before everyone else . when he come , I be wait in the executive suite . " 



 " he hire you on the spot ? " 



 " not really . actually , I do not believe I ever be hire . it be just that , when W.T. find out why I be there , he call I in and begin dictate letter . by the time more applicant arrive I have be work for hour , and I tell they the job be fill . about three day later I leave a note on his desk . ' my name be Christine Francis , ' and I suggest a salary . I get the note back without comment - just initial , and that be all there be ever be . " 



 " it make a good bedtime story . " Peter rise from the sofa , stretch his big body . " that clock of yours be stare again . I guess I would well go . " 



 " it be not fair , " Christine object . " all we have talk about be I . " she find herself wonder what it would be like to be carry in his arm . 



 ' anyway , there will be other time . " he stop , regard she directly . " will not there ? " 



 as she nod in answer , he lean forward , kiss she lightly . 



 already in a taxi to his own apartment he decide that whatever , if anything , develop between Christine and himself should happen slowly , with caution on his own part . 





 TUESDAY 



 CHAPTER one 



 as with all hotel , the St. Gregory come awake early after a short , light sleep . 



 near five a.m. , night cleaning party tiredly begin dissemble their equipment to store it for another day . 



 a switchboard operator put down her knitting and make the first morning wake - up call . between now and seven a.m. , the switchboard group would awaken other guest . as usual , the peak would be 7:45 , with close to a hundred and eighty call request . even work at high speed , the three operator would have trouble complete that many in less than twenty minute . inevitably today there would be complaint from guest to management allege that some operator have call they either too early or too late . 



 two floor below street level , in the engineering control room , Wallace Santopadre , third - class stationary engineer , put down a paperback copy of Toynbee 's Greek Civilization . now it be time for the final stroll of his watch around the engineer ' domain . he check the hot - water system , note that there would be plenty of hot water during the heavy demand period soon to come , when upwards eight hundred people might decide to take morning shower at the same time . Santopadre also note that the massive air conditioner be run more easily as the result of a drop in outside temperature . 



 not far from the engineering station , in an odorous room , Booker T. Graham wheel today 's last trolley with garbage in and , a little at a time , spread the content on a large flat tray , rake the mess back and forth like a gardener prepare topsoil . whenever he see a trophy - a returnable bottle , intact glassware , silverware , and sometimes a guest 's valuable - Booker T. retrieve it . at the end , what be leave be push into the fire and a new portion spread out . the present month , almost end , promise to be average for recovery . so far , silverware have total nearly two thousand piece , each of which be worth a dollar to the hotel . there be some four thousand bottle worth two cent each , eight hundred intact glass , a quarter a piece , and a large assortment of other item . Graham yearly save to the hotel about forty thousand dollar . 



 in the kitchen area , light be on . in a few minute the cook would begin prepare the hotel 's sixteen hundred breakfast and later - long before the last egg and bacon would be serve at mid - morning - start today 's two thousand lunch . at the kitchen fry station Jeremy Boehm , a sixteen - year old helper , check the big , multiple deep - fryer he have switch on ten minute early . he have set it to two hundred degree , as his instruction call for . the fat of the fried chicken in the fryer have heat all right , though he think it seem quite a bit smoky than usual . he wonder if he should report the smokiness to someone , then remember that only yesterday an assistant chef have scold he for show an interest in sauce preparation . this be none of his business either . let someone else worry . 



 someone be worry in the hotel laundry half a block away . Mrs. Isles Schulder be concern about a pile of soiled tablecloth . in the course of a work day the laundry would handle about twenty - five thousand piece of linen , range from towel and bed sheet to greasy coverall from Engineering . mostly these require routine handling , but lately businessman have state to do figure on tablecloth , use ball - point pen . once ballpoint ink get wet , you could write a cloth off because , after that , nothing would ever get the ink out . so , Nellie - the laundry 's good spotter - would have to work hard today with the carbon tetrachloride , the only thing that could wash off the ink . 



 and so it go , through the entity of the hotel . upon stage and behind a new day come awake . 





 CHAPTER two 



 in his private six - room suite on the hotel 's fifteenth floor , Warren Trent step down from the barber 's chair , in which Aloysius Royce have shave he . look in the mirror , he could find no fault with it as he study his reflection . it show a beaked nose and deep - set eye with a hint of secretiveness . his hair , black in youth , be now white , thick and curly still . he look as an eminent southern gentleman . 



 it be Tuesday . include today , there be only four more day to prevent his lifetime 's work from turn into nothingness . 



 the hotel proprietor enter the dining room where Aloysius Royce have lay a breakfast table . he gesture for Royce to sit with he . serve the two portion , Royce remain silent , know his employer would speak when ready . there have be no comment so far on Royce 's bruised face or the two adhesive patch he have put on . at length , push away his plate , Warren Trent observe , " you would well make the most of this . neither of we may be enjoy it much long . " 



 Royce say , " the trust people have not change their mind about renew ? " 



 " they have not and they will not . " 



 " some thing get well , other bad . " 



 Warren Trent say sourly , " it be easy for you . you be young . you have not live to see everything you have work for fall apart . " 



 on Friday before the close of business - a twenty - year - old mortgage on the hotel property be due and the investment syndicate hold the mortgage have decline to renew . one banker whom he know well advise he frankly , " hotel like yours be out of favor , Warren . nowadays the chain hotel have replace the big independent and be the only one , which can show profit . look at your balance sheet . you have be lose money steadily . " 



 Curtis O'Keefe would arrive today and there be not the slight doubt that he be fully brief on the St. Gregory 's financial woe . 



 Warren Trent switch his thought to more immediate affair . " you be on the night report , " he tell Aloysius Royce . 



 " I know , " Royce say . " I read it . " Complaint of excessive noise in room 1126 , and then , in Peter McDermott 's handwriting , deal with by A. Royce and P. mcd. " Miss Marsha Preyscott - daughter of the Mr Preyscott - be almost rape . do you want I to tell you about it ? " 



 Royce and Warren Trent 's casual relationship be base upon the example of Aloysius Royce 's father . the elder Royce , who serve Warren Trent first as body servant and later as companion and privileged friend , have always speak out with disregard of consequence , which , in their early year together , drive Trent to white hot fury and later have make the two inseparable . Aloysius be a little boy when his father have die over a decade ago , but he have never forget Warren Trent 's face , grieve and tear stain , at the old Negro 's funeral . they have walk away from the cemetery together after Trent 's word , " you will stay on with I at the hotel . later we will work something out . " the " something " have turn out to be college follow by law school , from which he would graduate in a few week ' time . in the meanwhile , Aloysius perform personal service , which Warren Trent accept . at other time , they argue heatedly . and yet Aloysius Royce be conscious of a border never to be cross . now he say , " the young lady call for help . I happen to hear . " he describe his own action and Peter McDermott 's intervention , which he neither praise nor criticize . 



 Warren Trent listen , and at the end say , " McDermott handle everything properly . why do not you like he ? " 



 Royce be surprise by the old man 's perception . " perhaps I do not like big white football player prove how kind they be by be nice to colored boy . " 



 " your father have an instinct for people . but he be a lot more tolerant than you . " 



 the elder Royce have always accept cheerfully whatever life bring , without question or complaint . knowledge of affair beyond his own limited horizon rarely disturb he . and yet he have an insight into fellow human being too deep to be overlook . 



 " you would well tell young McDermott to come and see I . ask he to come here . I be a little tired this morning . " 



 " Mark Preyscott 's in Rome , eh ? I suppose I ought to telephone he , " say Mr Trent instead of greet Peter McDermott . 



 " his daughter insist that we should not . and there be no rape as it be prevent . " 



 Warren Trent sigh and wave a hand in dismissal . " you deal with it all . " his tone make clear that he be already tired of the subject . there would be no telephone call to Rome . 



 " something else I would like to deal with concern the room clerk . " Peter describe the Albert Wells incident . 



 " we should have close off that room year ago . " 



 " I do not think we should close it if we tell the guest what he be get into . " 



 Warren Trent nod . " attend to it . " 



 now Peter say , " I think you should know about the Duke and Duchess of Croydon . the Duchess ask for you personally . " he describe the incident and the differ version of the waiter Sol Natchez . 



 Warren Trent grumble , " I know that damn woman . she will not be satisfied unless the waiter 's fire . " 



 " I do not believe he should be fire . " 



 " then tell he to go fish for a few day with pay . and warn he from I that next time he spill something , to be sure it be boil and over the Duchess 's head . " 



 abruptly change the subject , Warren Trent announce , " Curtis O'Keefe be check in today . he want two adjoining suite . you would well make sure that everything be in order . " 



 " will Mr O'Keefe be stay long ? " 



 " I do not know . it depend on a lot of thing . " 



 for a moment Peter feel a surge of sympathy for the old man . 



 the hotel proprietor ask , " what be our convention situation ? " 



 " about half the chemical engineer have check out ; the rest will leave by today . come in - Gold Crown Cola be in and organize . they have take three hundred and twenty room , which be well than we expect , and we have increase the lunch and banquet figure accordingly . the Congress of American Dentistry begin tomorrow , though some of their people check in yesterday and there will be more today . they should take close to two hundred and eighty room . " 



 Warren Trent give a satisfied grunt . at least the news be not all bad . 



 " we have a full house last night , " Warren Trent say . he add , " can we handle today 's arrival ? " 



 " it will be close . our over - booking be a little high . " 



 like all hotel , the St. Gregory accept more reservation than it have room available . it gamble on the certain foreknowledge that some people who make reservation would fail to show up , so the problem resolve itself into guess the true percentage of non - arrival . Most time , experience and luck allow the hotel to come out with all room occupy - the ideal situation . 



 but once in a while an estimate go wrong . 



 in Peter 's own experience the bad occasion be when a baker 's convention , meet in New York , decide to remain an extra day so that some of its member could take a moonlight cruise around Manhattan . two hundred and fifty baker and their wife stay on without tell the hotel , which expect they to check out so an engineer ' convention could move in . hundred of angry engineer and their woman wait in the lobby that night , some wave reservation make two year early . in the end , the city 's other hotel be already fill , the new arrival be disperse to motel in outlying New York until next day when the baker go innocently away . but the monumental taxi bill of the engineer be pay by the hotel and exceed the profit on both convention . 



 Peter say , " I talk with the Roosevelt . if we be in a jam tonight , they can help we out with maybe thirty room . " even fiercely competitive hotel aid each other in that kind of crisis , never know when the role would be reverse . 



 " all right , " Warren Trent say , a cloud of cigar smoke above he , " now what be the outlook for the fall ? " 



 " it be disappointing . the two big union convention have be cancel . " 



 " why ? " 



 " it be the same reason I warn you about early . we have continue to discriminate . we have not comply with the Civil Rights Act , and the union resent it . " involuntarily , Peter glance toward Aloysius Royce who have come into the room . 



 " More convention , and just plain folk , be go to stay away until this hotel and other like it admit that time have change , " remark Royce . 



 " it so happen , " Peter say quietly , " that I agree with what he say . " 



 " you be be fool , both of you , " grunt Warren Trent . 



 when Warren Trent hear the outer door close behind Peter McDermott and Aloysius Royce 's footstep return to the small book - line sitting room , which be the young Negro 's private domain , the hotel proprietor notice how quiet it be in the living room . there be only a whisper from the air conditioning , and occasional stray sound from the city below . sit quietly here , the memory stir he . 



 More than thirty year since he have carry Hester , as a new , young bride , across the threshold of this very room . and how short a time they have have : those few brief year , joyous beyond measure , until the paralytic polio strike without warn . it have kill hester in twenty - four hour , leave Warren Trent , mourning and alone , and the St. Gregory Hotel . Warren Trent remember she like a sweet spring flower , who have make his day gentle and his life rich , as no one have before or since . 



 in the silence , a rustle of silk seem to come from the doorway behind he . he turn his head , but the room be empty and , unusually , moisture dim his eye . 



 be the hotel worth fight for ? Surrender : perhaps that be the answer . surrender to change time . 



 and yet ... if he do , what else be leave ? 



 nothing . for himself there would be nothing left , not even the ghost that walk this floor . 



 no ! he would not sell out . not yet . while there be still hope , he would hold on . 





 CHAPTER three 



 when Christine Francis see he , Sam Jakubiec , the stocky , bald credit manager , be stand at the Reception , make his daily check of the account of every guest in the hotel . there be almost nothing that the credit chief 's shrewd mind miss . in the past it have save the hotel thousand of dollar in bad debt . 



 " anything interesting this morning ? " 



 without pausing , Jakubiec nod . " a few thing . for example , Sanderson , room 1207 . disproportionate tipping . " 



 it show two room - service charge - one for 1.50 dollar , the other for two dollar . in each case a two - dollar tip have be add and sign for . 



 " People who do not intend to pay often write the big tip , " Jakubiec say . " anyway , it be one to check out . " 



 " now , " he say , " what can I do ? " 



 " we have hire a private duty nurse for 1410 . " Briefly Christine report the previous night 's crisis concern Albert Wells . " I be a little worried whether Mr Wells can afford it , " she say , though she be more concerned for the little man himself than for the hotel . 



 they cross the lobby to the credit manager 's office . a dumpy brunette secretary be work inside . 



 " Madge , " Sam Jakubiec say , " see what we have on Wells , Albert . " 



 without answer , she open a drawer and flip over card . pausing , she say in a single breath , " Albuquerque , Coon Rapids , Montreal , take your pick . " 



 " it be Montreal , " Christine say , and Jakubiec take the card the secretary offer he . scan it , he observe , " he look all right . stay with we six time . pay cash . one small query , which seem to have be settle . " 



 " it be our fault . " 



 the credit man nod . " I would say there be nothing to worry about . " he hand the card back to the secretary . 



 " I will look into it , though . if he have a cash problem , we could maybe help out , give he a little time to pay . " 



 " thank , Sam . " 



 back in her own office in the executive suite she decide first to complete the matter which have take her downstair . lift the telephone , she ask for room 1410 . 



 " Mr Wells pass a comfortable night , " the nurse inform she , " and his condition be improve . " 



 wonder why some nurse feel they have to sound like official bulletin , Christine reply , " please , tell Mr Wells I call and that I will see he this afternoon . " 





 CHAPTER four 



 the inconclusive conference in the hotel owner 's suite leave Peter McDermott in a mood of frustration . as he have on other occasion , he wish fervently that he could have six month and a free hand to manage the hotel himself . 



 near the elevator he stop to use a house phone , inquire from Reception what accommodation have be reserve for Mr Curtis O'Keefe 's party . there be two adjoining suite on the twelfth floor . 



 as he approach , he see that all four door to the suite be open and , from within , the whine of a vacuum cleaner be audible . inside , two maid be work industriously under the critical eye of Mrs. Blanche du Quesnay , the St. Gregory 's sharp - tongue but highly competent housekeeper . 



 she turn as Peter come in , " I might have know that one of you man would be check up to see if I be capable of do my own job . " 



 Peter grin . " Relax , Mrs. Q. Mr Trent ask I to drop in . if only he have know you be give this your personal attention ! " he then inquire , " have flower and a basket of fruit be order ? " 



 " they be on the way up . have a look around . there be no charge . " 



 both suite , Peter see as he walk through they , have be go over thoroughly . the furnishing be dustless and orderly . in bedroom and bathroom the linen be spotless and correctly fold , hand basin and bath be dry and shine . mirror and window gleam . there be nothing else to be do , Peter think , as he stand in the center of the second suite . 



 then a thought strike he . Curtis O'Keefe be notably religious . the hoteli pray frequently , sometimes in public . the thought prompt Peter to check the Gideon Bibles - one in each room . 



 he be glad he do . 



 as usually happen when they have be in use for any length of time , the bible ' front page be dot with call girl ' phone number , since a Gideon Bible - as experienced traveler know - be the first place to seek that kind of information . Peter show the book silently to Mrs. du Quesnay . " I will have new one send up . I suppose what Mr O'Keefe like or do not be go to make a difference to people keep their job around here . " 



 he shake his head . " I honestly do not know , Mrs. Q. your guess be as good as mine . " 



 Peter suppose that most of the young and bright staff member would have an opportunity to stay on . old employee though have a good deal more to worry about . 



 as Peter McDermott approach the executive suite , the chief engineer , Doc Vickery , be leave it . stop , Peter say , " number four elevator be give some trouble last night , chief . be it really that bad ? " 



 " if you mean shall we have a big accident , the answer 's no . but we have have small breakdown and sometime there will be a big one . " 



 Peter inquire , " what be it you need ? " 



 " a hundred thousand dollar to start . good machinery 's a lovely thing . Most time it will do more work than you think it could , and after that you can patch it and coax it , and it will work for you some more . but somewhere along there be a death point you will never get by , no matter how much you want to . " 



 Peter be still think about the chief 's word when he enter his own office . what be the death point , he wonder , for an entire hotel ? 



 the telephone bell ring . it be Reception . " Mr McDermott , Mr Curtis O'Keefe have just check in . " 





 CHAPTER five 



 Curtis O'Keefe march into the busy lobby like an arrow pierce an apple 's core . and a slightly decay apple , he think critically . he head for Reception not without grace . his athlete 's body have be his pride through most of the fifty - six year , in which he have manipulate himself upward from a low - middleclass nonentity to become one of the nation 's rich man . 



 " my name be O'Keefe and I have reserve two suite , one for myself , the other in the name of Miss Dorothy Lash . " 



 " yes , sir . I be sure your suite be ready , sir . one moment , please . " 



 O'Keefe step back a pace from the counter , allow other arrival to move in . outside , in bright , warm sunshine , airport limousine and taxi be discharge passenger . he notice a convention be assemble . a banner proclaim ' CONGRESS of AMERICAN DENTISTRY ' . 



 he could now see Dodo enter the lobby : all leg and breast radiate sex . he have leave she at the car to supervise the baggage . she enjoy do thing like that occasionally . anything require more cerebral strain be too difficult to she . 



 she join he . under the big hat , which fail to conceal the ash - blond hair , her baby blue eye be wide as ever in the flawless childlike face . 



 " Curtie , they say there be a lot of dentist stay here . " 



 " I be glad you tell I . otherwise I might never have know . " 



 " Geez , well maybe I should get that filling do . " 



 " they be here to open their own mouth , not other people 's . " 



 Dodo look puzzle , as she do so often . some of O'Keefe 's acquaintance , he know , wonder about his choice of Dodo as a travel companion when , with his wealth and influence , he could have anyone he choose . but then , of course , they could only guess the savage sensuality , which Dodo could turn on , accord to his own mood . her stupidity , which seem to bother other , he think of as amusing . he suppose , though , he would part with Dodo soon . he would , of course , take care of she and arrange a support role or two in Hollywood . she have the body and the face . other have rise high on those commodity alone . she could do it , too . 



 the room clerk return to the front counter . " everything be ready , sir . " 





 CHAPTER SIX 



 shortly after Curtis O'Keefe and Dodo , Julius " Keycase " Milne obtain a single room . 



 it have start well . 



 he have arrive at Moisant Airport shortly before 7:30 a.m. , drive from the cheap motel on Chef Menteur Highway where he have stay the night before . he read on a plaque that the airport be name after John Moisant , an Orleanian who have be a world aviation pioneer , and he note that the initial be the same as his own , which could be a favorable oman . 



 stroll inconspicuously through the airport terminal , a trim , well- dress figure , carry a fold newspaper beneath his arm , Keycase stay carefully alert . he give the appearance of a well - to - do businessman , relaxed and confident . only his eye move ceaselessly , follow the movement of the early rise traveler , pour into the terminal from limousine and taxi , which have deliver they from downtown hotel . twice he see the beginning of the kind of thing he be look for . two man , reach into pocket for ticket or change , encounter a hotel room key , which they have carry away in error . the first take the trouble to locate a postal box and mail the key , as suggest on its plastic tag . the other hand his to an airline clerk who put it in a cash drawer , presumably for return to the hotel . 



 both incident be disappointing , but Keycase be a patient man . ten minute later his patience be reward . 



 a balding man stop to choose a magazine on his way to the departure ramp . at the newsstand cash desk he discover a hotel key and give an exclamation of annoyance , " there be not time . " Keycase follow he closely . good ! as the man pass a trash can , he throw the key in . 



 for Keycase the rest be routine . stroll past the trash can , he toss in his own fold newspaper , then , as if abruptly change his mind , turn back and recover it . at the same time he look down , observe the discard key and palm it unobtrusively . a few minute later in the privacy of the man 's toilet he read that it be for room 641 of the St. Gregory Hotel . 



 half an hour later a similar incident terminate with the same kind of success . the second key be also for the St. Gregory - a convenience , which prompt Keycase to telephone at once , confirm his own reservation there . 



 it be not without reason that a New York prosecute attorney year before have observe in court , " everything this man become involved in , your honor , be a key case . frankly , I have come to think of he as ' Keycase ' Milne . " the observation follow by a sentence of fifteen year have find its way into police record and the name stick , so that even Keycase himself now use it with a certain pride . give time , patience , and luck , the chance of secure a key to almost anything be extremely good . 



 countless people leave a hotel with their room key forget in pocket or purse . the conscientious one eventually drop the key in a mailbox , and a big hotel like the St. Gregory regularly pay out fifty dollar or more a week in postage due on key return . but there be other people who either keep the key or discard they indifferently . 



 this last group keep professional hotel thief like Keycase steadily in business . 



 he enter the St. Gregory with a confident air , surrender his bag to a doorman , and register as B. W. Meader of Ann Arbor , Michigan . the room clerk treat the newcomer with respect and allocate room 830 . now , Keycase think agreeably , there would be three St. Gregory key in his possession : one the hotel know about and two it do not . 



 Room 830 , into which the bellboy usher he a few moment later , turn out to be ideal . it be spacious and comfortable and the service stairway , Keycase observe as they come in , be only a few yard away . 



 when he be alone , he unpack and decide he would have a sleep in preparation for the serious night 's work ahead . 





 CHAPTER seven 



 after make sure the hotel proprietor have be inform of O'Keefe 's arrival , Peter go on to see Marsha Preyscott in 555 . 



 as she open the door , " I be glad you come , " she say . 



 there be something almost breathtake in the half - woman , half - child appearance . 



 " I be sorry it take so long . " 



 " it be the room for emergency , be not it ? if you do not mind , I think I would stay on for tonight , at least , " she say . 



 " oh ! may I ask why ? " 



 " I be not sure , " she lie , as she know that the real reason be to put off her return to the empty house . " maybe it be because I want to recover from what happen yesterday , and the good place to do it be here . " 



 he nod doubtfully . " how do you feel ? " 



 " well . it be not the kind of experience you get over in a few hour , " Marsha admit , " but I be afraid I be pretty stupid to come here at all - just as you remind I . " 



 " I do not say that . " 



 " no , but you think it . " 



 " we all get into tough situation sometimes . I be hope you would tell I how it all start . " 



 last night her overwhelming feeling have be shock , hurt pride , and physical exhaustion . but now the shock be go and her pride , she suspect , might suffer less from silence than by protest . it be likely , too , that in the sober light of morning Lyle Dumaire and his crony would not be eager to boast of what they have attempt . 



 " I can not persuade you if you decide to keep quiet , " Peter say . " though I would remind you that what people get away with once they will try again - not with you , perhaps , but someone else . I do not know if the man who be in that room last night be friend of your or not . but even if they be , I can not think of a single reason for shield they . " 



 " one be a friend . at least , I think so . " 



 " we know two of they already . who be the leader ? " 



 " I think ... Dixon . " 



 " now then , tell I what happen beforehand . " 



 Marsha have a sense of be dominate , and , surprisingly , she find herself like it . obediently she describe the sequence of event end with the welcome arrival of Aloysius Royce . only twice be she interrupt . have she see the woman in the adjoining room whom Dixon and the other have refer to ? have she observe anyone from the hotel staff ? to both question she shake her head negatively . 



 at the end she have an urge to tell he more . 



 " yesterday be my birthday . I be nineteen . " 



 " and you be alone ? " 



 Marsha describe the telephone call from Rome and her disappointment at her father 's failure to return . 



 " I be sorry , " he say when she have finish . " and what I want to do now be make use of what you have tell I . I will call the four people - Dixon , Dumaire and the other two - into the hotel for a talk . " 



 " that way , would not a lot of people find out ? " 



 " I promise that when we be finish there will be even less likelihood of anyone talk . " 



 " all right , " Marsha agree . " and thank you for all you have do . " 



 it have be easy than he expect , Peter think . 



 " there be something I should explain , Miss Preyscott . " 



 " Marsha . " 



 " all right , I be Peter . " he suppose the informality be all right . 



 " a lot of thing go on in hotel , Marsha , that we close our eye to . but when something like this happen we can be extremely tough . that include anyone on our staff , if we find out they be implicate . " 



 it be one area , Peter know - involve the hotel 's reputation - where Warren Trent would agree with he . the conversation go on . 



 " you be new to New Orleans , be not you ? " Marsha say . 



 " fairly new . in time I hope to know it well . " 



 she say with sudden enthusiasm , " I know lot about local history . would you let I teach you I would like to do something to show how grateful ... " 



 " there be not any need for that . " 



 " well then , I would like to anyway . please ! " she put a hand on his arm . 



 wonder if he be be wise , he say , " it be an interesting offer . " 



 " that be settle . I be have a dinner party at home tomorrow night . it will be an old - fashioned New Orleans evening . afterward we can talk about history . " 



 the past , the importance of avoid involvement with a young girl who be also a hotel guest , make Peter hesitate . then he decide : it would be silly to refuse . and there be nothing bad about accept an invitation to dinner . there would be other present , after all . " if I come , " he say , " I want you to do one thing for I now . " 



 " what ? " 



 " go home , Marsha . leave the hotel and go home . " 



 their eye meet directly . 



 " all right , " she say . " if you want I to , I will . " 



 it trouble Peter McDermott that someone as young as Marsha Preyscott should be so apparently neglect . if I be her father , he think ... or brother ... 



 in his office his thought be interrupt by Flora Yates , his freckle - face secretary . 



 Flora 's finger , which could dance over a typewriter keyboard fast than any other he have ever see , be clutch a pack of telephone message . 



 " anything urgent ? " 



 " they will keep until this afternoon . " 



 " we will let they , then . I ask the cashier 's office to send I a bill for room 1126 - 7 . it be in the name of Stanley Dixon . " 



 " it be here . " Flora pluck a folder from several other on his desk . " there be also an estimate from the carpenter ' shop for damage in the suite . I put the two together . " 



 the bill be for seventy - five dollar , the carpenter ' estimate for a hundred and ten . Peter say , " get I the phone number for this address . I expect it will be in his father 's name . " 



 there be a fold newspaper on his desk which he have not look at until now . the hit - and - run fatality of the night before be on the front page . it have become a double tragedy , the mother have die in the hospital during the early hour of the morning . " Police attach credence to the report of an unnamed bystander that a " low black car move very fast " be observe leave the scene second after the accident . " city and state police be look for a presumably damage automobile fit this description . 



 Peter wonder if Christine have see the newspaper report . 



 the return of Flora with the telephone number he have ask for bring his mind back to more immediate thing . 



 a deep male voice answer , " the Dixon residence . " 



 Peter introduce himself . " I would like to speak to Mr Stanley Dixon . " 



 " I be sorry , sir . Mr Dixon , junior , be not available . " 



 " tell he if he do not choose to come to the telephone I intend to call his father directly . " 



 there be a click on the line and a voice announce , " this 's Stan Dixon . what be all the fuss ? " 



 Peter answer sharply , " the fuss concern what happen last night . do it surprise you ? " 



 " who be you ? " 



 he repeat his name . " I have talk with Miss Preyscott . now I would like to talk to you . " 



 " you be talk now , " Dixon say . 



 " not this way . in my office at the hotel . four o'clock tomorrow , with the other three . you will bring they along . " 



 " whoever you be , you would well watch out because my old man know Warren Trent . " 



 " for your information I have already discuss the matter with Mr Trent . he leave it for I to handle . but I will tell he you prefer to have your father bring in . " 



 " hold it ! " there be the sound of heavy breathing , " I have get a class tomorrow at four . " 



 " cut it , " Peter tell he , " and have the other do the same . my office be on the main mezzanine . " 



 replace the telephone , he find himself look forward to tomorrow 's meeting . 





 CHAPTER eight 



 the page of the morning newspaper lie around the Duchess of Croydon 's bed . there be little in the news that the Duchess have not read thoroughly . there have never be a time , she realize , when her wit and resourcefulness be need more . 



 she suddenly announce thinking aloud , " what we desperately need be to have some attention focus on you . " 



 as if by consent , neither refer to the event of the night before . 



 " only thing likely to do that be an announcement confirm my appointment to Washington . " 



 " exactly . " 



 " you can not hurry it ... " the Duke 's tone be close to hysteria . 



 " I be go to call London . I shall speak to Geoffrey . I intend to ask he to do everything he can to speed up your appointment . " in contrast to her husband , the Duchess 's tone be businesslike . " Geoffrey 's good at pressure when he want to be . besides , if we sit here and wait it maybe bad still . " 



 the Duchess pick up the telephone beside the bed and instruct the operator , " I wish to call London and speak to Lord Selwyn . " when the Duchess of Croydon have explain its purpose , her brother , Lord Selwyn , be notably unenthusiastic . 



 " if thing be leave as they be , how long will a decision take ? " 



 " the way I hear , though , it could be week . " 



 " we simply can not wait week , " the Duchess insist . " what I be ask be for the family 's sake as well as our own . " 



 " I do not like it , sis , but you usually know what you be do . I will do what I can . " 



 the bedside telephone rang again in a few moment . 



 a nasal voice inquire , " Duchess of Croydon ? " 



 " this be she . " 



 " Ogilvie . chief house officer . I want a private talk . with your husband and you . " 



 the Duchess 's hand be shake , " it be not convenient to see you right now . " 



 " I will be there in an hour . " it be a declaration , not a question . there be a click as the caller hang up . 



 " who be it ? " the Duke approach , his face paler than before . 



 the Duchess close her eye . she have a desperate yearning to be relieve of leadership and responsibility for they both . in her family , though strength be a norm , other follow her lead . even Geoffrey always listen to she in the end , as he have just now . she could not give up and she would not . 





 CHAPTER nine 



 " when W.T. come he will not like this , " sigh Christine put off the letter and look at Peter . " you remember a month ago , " Christine said,"- the man who be walk on Carondelet Street when a bottle drop from above . his head be cut quite badly . " 



 Peter nod . " the bottle come from one of our room , no question of that . but we could not find the guest who do it . " 



 " he be sue the hotel for ten thousand dollar . he charge shock , bodily harm , loss of earning and say we be negligent . " 



 Peter say flatly , " he have not a chance . " 



 " how can you be so sure ? " 



 " because there be a whole range of case where the same kind of thing have happen . it give defend lawyer all kind of precedent they can quote in court . for example , there be a classic case in Pittsburgh - at the William Penn . a man be hit by a bottle which be throw from a guest room and go through the roof of his car . he sue the hotel . " 



 " and he do not win ? " 



 " no . the court say that a hotel - any hotel - be not responsible for the act of its guest . " 



 " be you say that a hotel be not responsible legally for anything its guest may do - even to other guest ? " 



 " a lot of our law , in fact , go back to the English beginning with the fourteenth century . the english inn have one great hall , warm and light by a fire , and everyone sleep there . while they sleep it be the landlord 's business to protect his guest from thief and murderer . and the same thing be expect of the landlord when small chamber begin to be use . " 



 " it be not much of an age for privacy . " 



 " that come later when there be individual room , and guest have key . after that the innkeeper be oblige to protect his guest from be break in upon . but beyond that he have no responsibility , either for what happen to they in their room or what they do . " 



 " so the key make the difference . " 



 " it still do . " 



 " I do not know you be so encyclopedic . " 



 " I do not mean to sound that way , " Peter say . 



 " you like all this , do not you ? run a hotel ; the other thing that go with it . " 



 he answer frankly , " yes , I do . though I would like it more if we could rearrange a few thing here . but right now I be more interested in my own dinner plan - involve you , which be why I be here . " 



 " if that be an invitation for tonight , I be free and hungry . " 



 " I will collect you at seven . your apartment . " 



 at half - past two , leave word with one of the secretary in the outer office , Christine leave to visit Albert Wells and meet Sam Jakubiec , the credit manager , on her way . see Christine , he stop . " I have be to see your invalid friend , Mr Wells . I get this out of he , but lord know how good it be . " 



 Christine accept the paper the credit manager have be hold . on the sheet Albert Wells have write and sign an order on a Montreal bank for two hundred dollar . 



 " be this legal ? " 



 " it be legal if there be money in the bank to meet it . I be go to invest in a phone call to Montreal to find out if this be a good check . if it be not , he will have to leave . " 



 " I would appreciate it if you tell I before you do anything . " 



 " I would be glad to , Miss Francis . " the credit manager nod , then continue down the corridor . 



 the door of room 1410 be open by a uniformed , middle - aged and serious - faced nurse . Christine identify herself and ask if she could see Mr Wells . " if you want to have a few minute off , I can stay until you come back , " she add . 



 the voice from inside say , " Miss Francis know what she be up to . if she do not I would have be a goner last night . " 



 " all right , " the nurse say . 



 Albert Wells beam as Christine come in . 



 " I want to know how you be . " 



 " thank to you , miss , much well . " 



 " the doctor say yesterday you have bronchitis . how do you get it ? " she ask . 



 " I be a miner once . for more year than I like to think about , miss . the story about my past be long and boring . " 



 " I would like to hear about what you do . I do not believe it be boring . " 



 he chuckle . " there be some in Montreal who would argue that . " 



 " I have often wonder about Montreal . " 



 " it be in some way a lot like New Orleans . " 



 " be that why you come here every year ? because it seem the same ? " 



 " I never think about that . I guess I come here because I like thing old - fashioned and there be not too many place leave where they be . it be the same with this hotel . I hate chain hotel . they be all the same , when you be in they , it be like live in a factory . " 



 " I be afraid the St. Gregory may be part of a chain soon . " 



 " if it happen I will be sorry , " Albert Wells say . " though I figure you people be in money trouble here . what be the trouble now - bank tightening up , mortgage foreclosing , something like that ? " 



 there be surprising side to this retired miner , Christine think , include an instinct for the truth . she answer , smile , " I have probably talk too much already . what you will certainly hear , though , be that Mr Curtis O'Keefe arrive this morning . " 



 " oh no ! not he . this hotel need change , but not his kind . " 



 " what kind of change , Mr Wells ? " 



 " I do know one thing , in time the public will get tired and want to come back to old thing - like real hospitality and a bit of character and atmosphere . only trouble be , by the time they get around to know it , most of the good place - include this one maybe - will have go . " 



 as she leave , he wink at she . 



 a note on her office desk request Christine to call Sam Jakubiec . 



 " I phone that bank at Montreal " , he say . " they would not tell I anything about a credit rating . I tell they the amount , though , and they do not seem worried , so I guess he be get it . " 





 CHAPTER ten 



 after a careful inspection of the magnificent basket of fruit , which Peter McDermott have order deliver to the suite , Dodo select an apple and be slice it as the telephone at O'Keefe 's elbow ring twice within a few minute . 



 the first call be a polite welcome from Warren Trent . Curtis O'Keefe accept an invitation for himself and Dodo to dine privately with the St. Gregory 's proprietor that evening . " we will be truly delighted , " the hoteli affirm he , " and , by the way , I admire your house . " 



 " that be what I have be afraid of . " 



 the second call , which follow immediately , be from a pay telephone in the hotel lobby . " hello , Ogden , " Curtis O'Keefe say when the caller identify himself , " I be read your report now . give I fifteen minute , then come to see I . " 



 hang up , Curtis O'Keefe say amusedly to Dodo , " I be glad you enjoy the fruit . if it be not for you , I would put a stop to all these harvest festival . " 



 " my mom'd go crazy with a basket like this . " 



 " why not send her one ? " lift the telephone once more , he ask for the hotel florist . " this be Mr O'Keefe . I believe you deliver some fruit to my suite . I would like an identical fruit basket telegraph to Akron , Ohio , and charge to my bill . " he hand the telephone to Dodo . " give they the address and a message for your mother . " 



 when she have finish , she fling her arm around he . " curtie , you be the sweetest ! " 



 it be strange , he reflect , that while Dodo love expensive gift as much as any of her predecessor , it be the small thing - such as at this moment - which seem to please she most . 



 in fifteen minute precisely , there be a knock on the door which Dodo answer . she show in two man , both carry briefcase - Ogden Bailey who have telephone , and the second man , Sean Hall , who be a young edition of his superior . Ogden Bailey be an experienced key figure in the O'Keefe organization . as well as have the usual qualification of an accountant , he possess an extraordinary ability to enter any hotel and , after a week or two of discreet observation - usually unknown to the hotel 's management - produce a financial analysis , which later would prove close to the hotel 's own figure . Hall , whom Bailey himself have discover and train , show every promise of develop the same kind of talent . 



 " now , gentleman , how much be I go to have to pay for this hotel ? " 



 Ogden Bailey begin respectfully , " the two - million - dollar mortgage due on Friday should make bargaining a good deal easy . no one in the financial community will touch the hotel now , mostly because of its operating loss couple with the poor management situation . " 



 " it be not necessary to give I all the detail . I rely on you gentleman to take care of those eventually . what I want at these session be the broad picture . " 



 Hall flush and , from across the room , Dodo shoot he a sympathetic glance . 



 in his own brief experience Sean Hall know that the procedure for acquire a new link in the O'Keefe hotel chain follow the same general pattern . first a " spy team " - usually head by Ogden Bailey - move into the hotel , its member register as normal guest . by systematic observation and bribery , the team compile a financial and operating study , reveal weakness and estimate potential . 



 next , arm with this accumulate knowledge , Curtis O'Keefe direct negotiation , which , more often than not , be successful . 



 then the wreck crew move in . it be a group of management expert . it convert any hotel to the standard O'Keefe pattern within a remarkably short time . a team member once describe their work in two sentence : " the first thing we announce be that there will be no staff change . then we get on with the firing . " 



 Sean Hall suppose the same thing would happen soon in the St. Gregory Hotel . 



 the process sadden Hall . he have uneasy moment , too , about the ethic , by which some task be accomplish . but personal ambition and the fact that Curtis O'Keefe pay generously for service render be cause for satisfaction . 



 " but there be also a few good people , " Sean Hall continue , " there be one man - the assistant general manager , McDermott - who seem extremely competent . he be thirty - two , a Cornell - Statler graduate . unfortunately , there be a flaw in his record . there be other in less post . " 



 the hotel magnate return the sheet without comment . a decision about McDermott and other would be the business of the wreck crew . 





 CHAPTER ELEVEN 



 this time the Duchess go to the door herself . early she have dispatch she maid on an invent errand and instruct the secretary - who be terrify of dog - to take the terrier for a walk . 



 a wave of cigar smoke accompany Ogilvie in . 



 " my husband and I find strong smoke offensive . would you kindly put that out ? " 



 he ignore she . " now then , " he say . " you two be in that hit-'n - run . " 



 she meet his eye directly . " what be you talk about ? " 



 " you listen to I . this city 's burn mad - cop , mayor , everybody else . they find who do that last night , who kill that kid and its mother . and we all know who that be . I can go to the police right now if you want it . " 



 it be the Duke of Croydon who interject , " what you accuse we of be true . I be drive the car and kill the little girl . what be it you know ? " 



 " last night , you drive to Lindy 's Place in Irish Bayou in your fancy Jaguar , and you take a lady friend . you win a hundred at the table , then lose it at the bar . you be into a second hundred when your wife get there in a taxi . you and your wife take off home , you be drive ... " 



 the Duchess interrupt . " you can not possibly prove ... " 



 " Lady , I can prove all I need to . last night I see you come in - through the basement , both rather shaken . late last night the word be out about the hit-'n - run . on a hunch I go to the garage and take a quiet look at your car . oh yeah , I should tell you . there be plenty of blood , though it do not show too much on the black paint . 



 " and the police get some thing to go on . they get a headlight trim ring , some headlight glass . they can figure out what kind of car they be from - make , model , and maybe the year , or close to it . with your car be foreign , it will likely take a few day . 



 " but when you hit that kid you be go away from town , not to it . you must have make a mistake in the route . the police have not figure it yet . they be look for somebody who be head out . that be why , right now , they be work on the suburb and outside of the town . so there be a four - day delay . " 



 " how could that help we - the delay ? " 



 " it might , " Ogilvie say . " if you can get the car out of the South . " 



 " that would not be easy . " 



 " no , ma'am . every state around - Texas , Arkansas , Mississippi , Alabama , all the rest'll be watch for a car damage the way yours be . " 



 it be essential , the Duchess of Croydon know , that her thinking remain calm and reason . 



 today be Tuesday . from all that this man say , they have until Friday or Saturday at well . 



 the Duchess face Ogilvie . " how much do you want ? " 



 " ten thousand dollar . " 



 though it be twice what she have expect , her expression do not change . 



 " what would we receive in return ? " 



 " I keep quiet about what I know . " 



 " no . we will not pay you . " 



 " now listen , lady ... " 



 " I will not listen . instead , you will listen to I . we would achieve nothing by pay you , except possibly a few day ' delay . " what come next , the Duchess of Croydon know , could be the most significant thing she have ever do . she intend to gamble on the fat man 's greed . " we will pay you twenty - five thousand dollar . in return for that , " she continue evenly , " you will drive our car north . " 



 the silence hung . at length Ogilvie speak . " be this cigar bother you , Duchess ? " 



 as she nod , he put it out . 





 CHAPTER TWELVE 



 Christine close the menu and look at he . " you order for both of we . " 



 they be in the city 's fine restaurant , Brennans Restaurant , in the french Quarter . Peter have a sense of wellbeing and delight in Christine 's company . now , accept Christine 's suggestion , he order for they both . 



 " with a well - run kitchen , as they have here , " Peter say , " decision about food ought not to matter much . it be a question of choice between equal quality . " 



 " your hotelship 's showing . but I like it . I have sometimes wonder , though , how you start your career . " 



 " I be a bellboy in Manhattan who become ambitious . one night I put a drunk to bed - help he upstairs , get he in pajamas and tuck he in . it turn out that he be a writer for the New Yorker . a week or two after he call we ' the hotel that be gentle than mother 's milk . ' we take a lot of kidding , but it make the hotel look good . and I get notice . 



 " that same summer they let I try other job in the hotel , include help out at the bar . I be at the bar alone when a customer come in , ' I hear you be the bright boy the New Yorker write about . can you mix I a Rusty Nail ? I happen to have read about it in a book about mix drink the other day . anyway , I mix it and afterward he say , ' that be good , but you will not learn the hotel business this way . ' then he give I his card and tell I to see he next day . 



 " as it turn out , he do not own anything . his name be Herb Fischer and he be a salesman . but he know the hotel business , and most people in it , because it be there he do his selling . " 



 " tell I about Mr Fischer . " 



 " well , at first I think he be just a big talker . but he badger some hotel people into recommend I to the School of Hotel Administration , and they offer I a scholarship . " 



 Peter continue thoughtfully , " I owe a lot to Herb Fischer . I try to thank he - the same way I try to like he . but he would not let I do either . I find out afterward his commission be not big . I pay he back by send check for small amount . Most be never cash . " 



 " why do not you see he any more ? " 



 " he die , " Peter say . " I go to the funeral . and I find there be eight of we there - whom he would all help in the same kind of way . " 



 Christine be quiet through coffee . 



 " thank to he , I now know one thing I want to achieve - or at least something like it . I will show you . " 



 they leave Brennan 's . take Christine 's arm , Peter lead she diagonally across Royal Street . " that be what I would like to create , " he say . " something at least as good , or maybe well . " 



 there it be , the Royal Orleans Hotel , the fine hotel in North America . 



 " they have everything - history , style , and imagination . they prove you can build freshly yet retain old character . the Royal Orleans be a chain hotel . " he add , " but not Curtis O'Keefe 's kind . " 



 " More like Peter McDermott 's ? " 



 " there be a long way to go for that . " 



 " yes , " Christine say , " I know . but you will do it . " 





 CHAPTER THIRTEEN 



 in the dining room of Warren Trent 's private suite , Curtis O'Keefe puff at a cigar . directly across , Dodo , in a clinging black gown , inhale on a turkish cigarette , which Royce have also produce and light . 



 " a fine meal , Warren . please compliment your chef . " 



 " by the way , you may like to know that precisely the same meal be available tonight in my main dining room . " 



 the hotel magnate observe , " there be not many hotel nowadays offer that kind of cuisine . Most have to change their way . " 



 " Most but not all . " 



 " our entire business have change , Warren , since you and I be young in it - whether we like the fact or not . what the public expect nowadays from a hotel be an efficient , economic package . the big house like your - if they want to survive my kind of competition - have to think as I do . " 



 Warren Trent say sharply , " I have not spend my life build an institution to see it become a cheap - run joint . " 



 " if you be refer to my house , none of they be that . " O'Keefe reddened angrily . 



 in the cold , ensue silence Dodo ask , " will it be a real fight or just a word one ? " 



 both man laugh . 



 Warren Trent continue , " my instinct tell I plenty of people still like to travel first class . they be the one who expect something more than box with bed . " 



 " but jet airplane kill first - class travel , and an entire state of mind along with it . " 



 Royce bring another cigarette to Dodo , and Warren Trent find himself wonder how Aloysius 's father might have react to the news that control of the hotel might soon pass on to other hand . Warren Trent could almost hear he now , assert in his cracked voice , " you have your own way so long . but if you believe in something , you fight for it . " 



 O'Keefe say , " in my organization I have have a blueprint develop for the future . 



 " the first thing we will have simplify be Reception , where check in will take a few second at the most . there will be a kind of instant sort office , mastermind by an IBM brain that be ready now . 



 " guest with reservation will be send a keycode card . they will insert it in a frame and immediately be on their way by individual escalator section to their room . 



 " for those drive their own car there will be code , move light to guide they into personal parking stall , from where other individual escalator will take they directly to their room . 



 " all service will have automate room delivery system . and apart from other benefit , I will break the tipping system , a tyranny we have suffer - along with our guest - for year too long . my building design and automation will keep to a minimum the need for any guest room to be enter by a hotel employee . all this , and more , can be accomplish now . " 



 " I hope , " Warren Trent say firmly , " that I never live to see it happen in my house . " 



 " you will not , " O'Keefe inform he . " before it can happen here we will have to tear down your house and build again . " 



 Dodo seem surprised . " I think this be a swell hotel . " she turn she wide and seemingly innocent eye toward O'Keefe . " Curtie , why will you have to pull it down ? " 



 Curtis O'Keefe glance at she sharply . there be moment when he wonder if Dodo be perhaps a little bright than generally she allow herself to seem . 



 " I be merely review a possibility . Warren , it be time you be out of the hotel business . even your hotel staff be no long loyal to you . " at length he say , " you have an old employee , have not you , who run your Pontalba Bar ? " 



 " yes - Tom Earlshore . if there be one man I would trust with anything , it be Tom . " 



 " you would be a fool if you do , " O'Keefe say crisply . " I have information that he be bleed you white . " 



 in the shocked silence O'Keefe recite the fact . there be a multiplicity of way in which a dishonest bartender could steal from his employer . " I would say it be be go on a long time . your supposedly loyal staff be riddle with corruption . naturally , I have not all the detail , but those I have you be welcome to . if you wish I will have a report prepare . " 



 " thank you . " the word be whisper . at last , slowly and with a trace of weariness , Warren Trent announce , " what you have tell I may make a difference to my own position . " 



 " in any case , now we have reach that point I would like to have you consider a proposal . " in brief , Curtis O'Keefe describe the mortgage crisis the hotel be in . Warren Trent be not surprised he know everything . 



 " my proposal , " Curtis O'Keefe say , " be a purchase price for this hotel of four million dollar . of this , two million will be obtain by renew your present mortgage . the balance will be a million dollar cash , enable you to pay off your minority stockholder , and one million dollar in O'Keefe Hotels stock - a new issue to be arrange . additionally , you will have the privilege of retain your apartment here for as long as you live . " 



 Warren Trent sit motionless , his face neither reveal his thought nor his surprise . the term be well than he have expect . but he say abruptly , " suppose I refuse to sell . what be your plan ? " 



 " I shall look for other property and build . the competition we will provide will force you out of business . and I would prefer your answer at once . " 



 the truth be : the O'Keefe Hotel Corporation want the St. Gregory very much , and urgently . the lack of an O'Keefe affiliate in New Orleans be like a miss tooth in the company 's otherwise solid bite on the travel public . 



 " I be not prepared to give you an answer now . " 



 " I would like to leave here no later than Thursday night . " 





 CHAPTER fourteen 



 " there be something exciting , " Peter McDermott observe , " about a girl fumble in her handbag for the key to her apartment . " 



 " here ! - I have find it . " 



 " hang on ! " Peter take Christine 's shoulder , then kiss she . it be a long kiss and in course of it his arm move , hold she tightly . 



 take the key , Peter open the apartment door . 



 " Cigarette ? " 



 " yes , please . " 



 Peter hold a match flame for they both . 



 " this be nice , " Christine say . " just sit , talk . " 



 " talk be not exactly ... " 



 " I know . but there be a question of where we be go , and if , and why . " 



 " if what could happen ... happen , it ought to mean something for both of we . " 



 he stub out his cigarette , then take Christine 's and do the same . " we need to get to know each other . " his eye search her face . " word be not always the good way . " 



 his arm reach out and she come to he . tremble , and to the pounding of her heart , she tell herself : whatever be to happen must take its course . 



 then , unexpectedly , they be no long close together . he whisper , " you be right . let us give it time . " 



 she feel herself kiss gently , then hear footstep recede . 



 " please do not go ! " she breathe . 



 but there be only silence . 





 CHAPTER fifteen 



 a few minute only remain of Tuesday . 



 in a Bourbon Street strip club the big - hippe blonde lean close to her male companion . " sure I want to go to bed with you , honey . " 



 if he breathe at I any more , she think , I will puke . 



 " what be we wait for , then ? why do not we leave now ? " the man ask thickly . 



 " I already tell you , sugar . I work here . I can not leave yet . I get my act to do . " 



 as if with sudden inspiration , the hippy blonde say , " what hotel you stay at ? " 



 " St. Gregory . " 



 " wait , Stanley darling ! I have an idea . " 



 for the past hour and a half Stan whoever - he - be from somewhere have docilely follow the tired old routine : the first drink at four time the price he would have pay in an honest bar . then the waiter have bring she over to join he . they have be serve a succession of drink . and later they be serve a bottle of domestic champagne , for which the bill , though Stanley do not know it yet , would be forty dollar ! so all that remain be to ditch he , though she want to get a bonus for endure that stink breath . 



 " leave I your hotel key . you can get another at the desk , they always have spare . soon as I be through here I will come and join you . " 



 he say doubtfully , " hey , you sure you will ... " 



 " Honey , I promise I will fly . " 



 he give she the key and , before he could change his mind , she have leave the table . she wonder how long he would lie hopefully awake in his hotel room , and how long it would take he to realize she be not come , and never would . 



 some two hour later she sell the key for ten dollar . 



 the buyer be Keycase Milne . 





 WEDNESDAY 



 CHAPTER one 



 at the first gray streak of a new dawn , Keycase be refresh , alert , and ready for work . he dismiss a shadow of fear concern the awful possibility of be send down for fifteen year if he be catch . 



 he have five key now . one of the key have be obtain last evening in the simple way possible - by ask for it at the hotel front desk . his own room number be 830 . he have ask for the key of 803 . the fifth key have be sell to he by a Bourbon Street girl . 



 he make his last preparation . in the bathroom he gargle with whiskey thoroughly , though drink none . check his pocket where his collection of key be dispose , he let himself out of the room . 



 he go two floor down to the sixth , move easily , not hurry . the corridor be desert and silent . 



 Keycase have already study the hotel layout and the system of number room . take the key of 641 from an inside pocket , he hold it casually in his hand and walk unhurriedly to where he know the room be . 



 the door of 641 be in front of he . he stop . no light from beneath . he produce glove and slip they on . make no sound , he insert the key . the door open noiselessly . remove the key , he go in , gently close the door behind he . 



 to the right be the shadow of a bed . from the sound of even breathing , its occupant be well asleep . 



 the dressing table be the place to look for money first . his gloved finger encounter a small pile of coin . where there be coin there be likely to be a wallet . ah ! - he have find it . it be interestingly bulky . 



 a bright light in the room snap on . 



 Reaction be instinctive . he drop the wallet and spin around guiltily , face the light . 



 the man who have switch on the bedside lamp be in pajama , sit up in bed . he be youngish , muscular , and angry . he say explosively , " what the devil do you think you be do ? " 



 sway as if drunkenly , Keycase say , " wadya mean , wha'm I do ? Wha ' you do in my bed ? " unobtrusively , he slip off the glove . 



 " damn you ! this be my bed . and my room ! " 



 move close , Keycase loose a blast of breath . he see the other recoil . Keycase have bluff his way out of dangerous situation like this before . he say stupidly , " your room ? you sure ? " 



 " you lousy drunk ! of course I be sure it be my room ! " 



 " this be 614 ? " 



 " you stupid jerk ! it be 641 . " 



 " sorry , old man . guess , it be my mistake . " 



 " get out ! " 



 already he be on the way to the door . " say I be sorry , old man . no need to get upset . " 



 Keycase close the door behind he . 



 the man inside get out of bed , the protective chain go on . 



 for fully five minute Keycase stand in the corridor , wait to hear if the man in the room telephone downstairs . but there be no sound , no telephone call . the immediate danger be remove . 



 later , though , it might be a different story . when Mr 641 awake again in the full light of morning he would remember what have occur . what Keycase ought to do be pack up and run . if he hurry , he could be clear of the city in less than an hour . 



 except that he have invest money - the motel , his hotel room , the girl . now , fund be run low . think hard , Keycase tell himself . 



 so how long do he have ? another clear day , probably two . it would be enough . 



 and he must go on now before he could lose his nerve . 



 the man name Stanley , from Iowa , who have fall for the old routine on Bourbon Street , be at last asleep . he neither hear Keycase enter , nor move carefully and methodically around the room . he continue to sleep soundly as Keycase extract the money from his wallet , then pocket his watch , ring , gold cigarette case , match light and diamond cuff link . he do not stir as Keycase , just as quietly , left . 



 it be mid - morning before Stanley from Iowa awoke , and another hour before he be aware of having be rob . 



 the same day Keycase see the Duchess of Croydon . 



 Keycase stop , at first startled and unbelieving . an avid reader of magazine and newspaper , he have see too many photograph not to be sure . and the Duchess be stay , presumably , in this hotel . 



 the Duchess of Croydon 's gem collection be among the world 's most fabulous . whatever the occasion , she never appear anywhere without be resplendently jewel . even now his eye narrow at the sight of her ring , wear casually , which must be priceless . 



 a half - form idea - reckless , audacious , impossible ... or be it ? ... be take shape in Keycase 's mind . 





 CHAPTER two 



 Hotel guest who entertain in their room , or even drink alone , often have an inch or two of liquor leave in bottle at the time of their departure . good liquor be usually leave intact on dress table of the vacate room . if a bellboy observe such bottle when summon to carry a guest 's bag at checkout time , he be usually back within a few minute to collect they . in laundry bag the liquor find its way to the corner of a basement storeroom , the private domain of Herbie Chandler . 



 Herbie sort the bottle contain gin into a single group . he repeat the process with bourbon , Scotch , and rye . a lonely few ounce of vodka he empty , after a moment 's hesitation , into the gin . 



 later in the day the seven full bottle would be deliver to a bar a few block from the St. Gregory . the bar owner serve the liquor to customer , pay Herbie half the go price of regularly bottled supply . 



 today 's accumulation would have please Herbie if he have not be preoccupy with other thought . late last night there have be a telephone call from Stanley Dixon . the young man tell about the conversation between himself and Peter McDermott . what Dixon want to find out be : just how much do McDermott know ? 



 Herbie Chandler have be unable to supply an answer , except to warn Dixon to be discreet and admit nothing . but , ever since , he have be wonder what exactly happen in room 11267 two night early , and just how well inform - concern the bell captain 's own part in it - the assistant general manager be . 



 another nine hour until four o'clock would pass slowly . 





 CHAPTER three 



 in his morning prayer , Curtis O'Keefe do not forget to remind God of his own continue interest in the St. Gregory Hotel . he regret that he have not insist on Warren Trent 's decision last night . he have not the least doubt of a favorable decision from Warren Trent . there could be no possible alternative . 



 near the end of breakfast there be a telephone call from Hank Lemnitzer , Curtis O'Keefe 's personal representative on the West Coast . 



 " there be one thing , Mr O'Keefe . it be about Jenny LaMarsh ... " 



 O'Keefe remember a striking , rangy brunette with a superb figure and a quick mischievous wit . he have be impress both with her obvious potential as a woman and the range of her conversation . 



 " I have talk with she , Mr O'Keefe . she would be pleased to go along with you on a trip . or two . " 



 Conversation , as well as other thing with Jenny LaMarsh , would be highly stimulating . certainly she would have no trouble hold her own with people they meet together . 



 but , surprising himself , he hesitate . 



 " there be one thing I would like to ensure , and that be Miss Lash 's future . I would like you to line up something for Miss Lash specifically . something good . and I want to know about it before she leave . " 



 the voice sound doubtful . " I guess I could . " 



 return back to the dining room , he inform she , " I be go to take a walk through the hotel . " 



 later today , he decide , he would make amend to Dodo by take she on an inspection of the city . at the outer doorway , on impulse , he tell she about it . she respond by fling her arm around his neck . 



 he ride an elevator down to the main mezzanine and from there take the stairway to the lobby where he resolutely put Dodo out of his mind . he could see how he could change everything in this place and plan future reconstruction in his head . 



 the lobby be become busy . a small line have form at the reception counter . O'Keefe stand watch . it be then that he observe what apparently no one else have see . 



 a middle - aged , well - dress Negro enter the hotel . at the counter he put down his bag and stand wait , third in line . 



 " good morning , " the Negro say . " I be Dr. Nicholas ; you have a reservation for I . " while wait he have remove a black hat reveal carefully brush iron - gray hair . 



 " yes , sir . could you register , please ? " the word be speak before the clerk look up . as he do , his feature stiffen . 



 " I be sorry , " he say firmly , " the hotel be full . " 



 the Negro respond smilingly . " I have a reservation . the hotel send a letter confirm it . " 



 " there must have be a mistake . we have a convention here . " 



 " it be a convention of dentist . I happen to be one . " 



 the room clerk shake his head . " there be nothing I can do for you . " 



 the Negro put away his paper . " in that case I would like to talk with someone else . " 



 O'Keefe have a sense that a time bomb be tick , ready to explode . 



 " you can talk to the assistant manager . Mr Bailey ! " 



 the title of assistant manager , as in most hotel , be mainly to make guest believe they be deal with a high personage than in reality . the real authority of the hotel be in the executive office , out of sight . 



 " Mr Bailey , " the room clerk say , " I have explain to this gentleman that the hotel be full ... " 



 " and I have explain , " the Negro protest , " that I have a confirm reservation . " 



 " will not you come and sit down over here ? " 



 Smoothly and without fuss , a potentially embarrassing scene have be ease from center stage into the wing . meanwhile the other arrival be be quickly check in with the aid of a second room clerk who have join the first . 



 well , O'Keefe think , perhaps there might be no explosion after all . 



 the assistant manager gesture his companion to a chair beside the desk and ease into his own . 



 " I apologize for the misunderstanding , but I be sure we can find you other accommodation in the city . " 



 " you tell I the hotel be full , but your clerk be check people in . do they have some special kind of reservation ? " 



 " I guess you could say that . " the professional smile have disappear . 



 " Jim Nicholas ! " behind the voice , a small elderly man take short hurry stride across the lobby . 



 the Negro stand . " Dr. Ingram ! how good to see you ! " 



 " how be you , Jim , my boy ? I assume your practice be go well . " 



 " it be , thank you , " Dr. Nicholas smile . " of course my university work still take a good deal of time . " 



 " anyway you seem to have get the good of both with a fine reputation . by the way , I shall have the pleasure of introduce you to the convention . you know they make I president this year ? " 



 Dr. Ingram pat his colleague on the shoulder . " give I your room number , Jim . a few of we will be get together for drink later on . I would like you to join we . " 



 " unfortunately , " Dr. Nicholas say , " I have be tell I will not get a room . it seem to have something to do with my color . " 



 there be a shocked silence , in which the dentist ' president flush deep red , " Jim , I will deal with this . I promise you , there will be an apology and a room . if there be not , I guarantee every other dentist will walk out of this hotel . " 



 the assistant manager instruct a bellboy urgently , " get Mr McDermott - fast ! " 





 CHAPTER FOUR 



 since his impetuous departure from Christine 's apartment last night , she have be out of Peter McDermott 's mind only briefly . even sleep , he have dream about she . some time this evening they be to meet again . 



 hope Christine would come soon , he turn his attention to Flora and the morning mail . there be a light tap on the door from the outer office . 



 " it be just I , " Marsha Preyscott say . " there be not anyone outside , so I ... " she catch sight of Peter . " oh , my goodness ! will not you fall over backwards ? " 



 the resounding crash be follow by a second 's startled silence . 



 his left ankle sting painfully where it have strike a leg of the overturning chair on the way down . the back of his head ache as he finger it , though , fortunately , the rug have cushion most of the impact . 



 and there be his vanish dignity - attest to by Marsha 's ripple laughter and Flora 's more discreet smile . 



 as they come around the desk to help he up , Christine come in . 



 she stop at the doorway , a sheaf of paper in her hand . her eyebrow go up . " be I intrude ? " 



 " no , " Peter say . " I ... well , I fall out of my chair . it go over backwards . " 



 Christine glance toward Marsha . Peter introduce they . 



 " how do you do , Miss Preyscott , " Christine say , " I have hear of you . " 



 she answer coolly , " I expect , work in a hotel , you hear all kind of gossip , Miss Francis . " 



 Peter sense an instant antagonism between Marsha and Christine . 



 " please do not go on my account , Miss Francis . I just come in for a minute to remind Peter about dinner tonight . " Marsha turn toward he . " you have not forget , have you ? " 



 Peter have a hollow feeling in his stomach . " no , " he lie , " I have not forget . " 



 " well , I would well be off . oh , yes - seven o'clock , " she tell Peter , " and it be on Prytania Street - the house with four big pillar . Goodbye , Miss Francis . " 



 with a wave of her hand , she go out , close the door . 



 Christine inquire , " would you like I to write that down ? so you will not forget . " 



 " I would forget about the other arrangement because last night ... with you ... drive everything else out of my mind . " 



 there be limit , Christine decide , even to patient understanding . " I hope you have a delightful evening . " 



 he shake his head impatiently . " she be just a child . and two night ago ... " 



 " she go through a lot and need a friend . " 



 " that be right . " 



 " and there you be ! " 



 " we get talk . and I say I would go to a dinner party at her house . there will be other people . " 



 " be you sure ? " 



 before he could reply , the telephone rang . 



 " Mr McDermott , " a voice say urgently , " there be trouble in the lobby and the assistant manager say will you please come quickly . " 





 CHAPTER five 



 there be moment of decision , Peter McDermott think grimly , which you hope you would never have to face . 



 it have take he less than a minute to grasp the situation in the lobby , even though explanation be still continue . it be distressingly plain that a crisis have abruptly appear , which , if badly handle , might set off a major explosion . 



 he be aware of two spectator . the first be Curtis O'Keefe , the familiar , much - photographed face watch intently from a discreet distance . the second spectator be a youthful , broad - shoulder man with heavy rimmed glass , wear gray flannel trouser with a tweed jacket . 



 the dentist ' president draw himself to his full five foot height , " McDermott . when you refuse to accommodate Dr. Nicholas , let I inform you it be a personal insult to I and to every member of our congress . " 



 my job be to get this scene out of the lobby , somehow . he suggest , " perhaps you and Dr. Nicholas " - his eye take in the Negro courteously - " would come to my office where we can discuss this quietly . " 



 head be turn now . several people have pause in their progress through the lobby . 



 it be ironic that only yesterday Peter have argue against the policy of Warren Trent , which have create this very incident . Peter admire Dr. Ingram and want to do as he demand , but to admit a Negro as a guest be not what he be entitle to do . 



 " I be as sorry as you , Dr. Ingram . unfortunately , there be a house rule and it prevent I from offer Dr. Nicholas accommodation . I wish I could change it , but I do not have authority . " 



 " McDermott , you be a young man , and intelligent I should imagine . how do you feel about what you be do at this moment ? " 



 Peter think : why evade ? he reply , " frankly , Doctor , I have seldom be more ashamed . " 



 the Negro shake his head . " I will not pretend it do not hurt . anyway , there be an afternoon flight north . I will try to be on it . " 



 Dr. Ingram face Peter . " do not you understand ? this man be a respected teacher and researcher . he be to present one of our most important paper . " 



 Peter think miserably : there must be some way . " I wonder , " he say , " if you would consider a suggestion . if Dr. Nicholas accept accommodation at another hotel , I will arrange for his attendance at the meeting here . " 



 it would be hard to ensure and would involve an explanation to Warren Trent . 



 " and the social event - the dinner and luncheon ? " the Negro 's eye be directly on his own . 



 slowly Peter shake his head . it be useless to make a promise he could not fulfill . 



 Dr. Nicholas look around for his bag . Peter say , " I will get a bellboy . " 



 " no ! " Dr. Ingram brush he aside . " carry that bag be a privilege I will reserve for myself . " 



 " excuse I , gentleman . " it be the voice of the man in the tweed jacket and glass . as they turn , a camera shutter click . 



 Peter McDermott inquire sharply , " who be you ? " 



 Dr. Ingram ask , " be you a newspaperman ? " 



 " good question , Doctor . " the man with the glass grin . " sometimes my editor say no , though I guess he will not today . not when I send he this little gem from my vacation . " 



 " what paper ? " Peter ask . 



 " New York Herald Trib . " 



 " good ! " the dentist ' president nod approvingly . " I hope you see what happen . " 



 Dr. Ingram seize his Negro colleague 's arm . " it be the way to fight this thing , Jim . we will drag the name of this hotel through every newspaper in the country . and I will see to it that our convention move to another place immediately . " 



 there be nothing to do , Peter think glumly . nothing at all . 





 CHAPTER SIX 



 there have be a change since yesterday in the relationship between the Croydons and Ogilvie . before , they have be antagonist . now they be conspirator , though still uncertainly . 



 " why be we waste time ? " the Duchess say . 



 the house detective 's mean eye harden . " you figure I should pull the car out now ? right in daylight ? maybe park it on Canal Street ? " 



 at length the Duchess of Croydon say , " when do you propose to leave ? when will you drive the car north ? " 



 " tonight , " Ogilvie answer . " I reckon the good time to pull out be around one in the morning . " 



 " how far will you go ? " 



 " there will be light by six . I will be in Mississippi . as soon as it be dark , I will go up through Alabama , Tennessee , Kentucky , Indiana . " 



 " when will it be safe ? really safe . " 



 " Indiana , I reckon . " 



 " and you will stop in Indiana Friday ? " 



 " and reach Chicago Saturday morning . " 



 " my husband and I will fly to Chicago Friday night . we shall register at the Drake Hotel and wait there until we hear from you , " the Duchess say . 



 " be there anything you need ? " 



 " I would like to have a note to the garage , in case I need it , say I can take your car . " 



 " I will write it now . " the Duchess write quickly and a moment later return with a sheet of hotel stationery , fold . " this should do . " 



 the Duke of Croydon rise and walk stiffly away , " and he want money . " 



 " ten thousand now , like we say . fifteen more in Chicago , Saturday . " 



 " I do not know how I have forget . it will have to be this afternoon . our bank must arrange ... " 



 " in cash , " the fat man say . " nothing big than twenty , and not new bill . it will not be traceable that way . " 



 " you do not trust we ? " 



 he shake his head . " in something like this , it be not smart to trust anybody . " 



 " do you think , " the Duchess say , " that we will not pay you in Chicago ? " 



 " I be glad you bring that up , " Ogilvie say . " what will happen in Chicago , Duchess , be this . I stash the car some place , though you do not know where . I come to the hotel , collect the money . when I do that , you get the key and I tell you where the car be . anything go wrong , I call cop right there in Chicago . " 



 " you will have to explain why you drive the car north . " 



 " I would say you pay I a couple hundred to bring the car up . only when I get to Chicago and take a good look at the car , I figure thing out . " 



 " I be glad we understand each other . come back at five . the money will be ready . " 





 CHAPTER seven 



 as O'Keefe have promise , a report - with specific detail of observation , date and time - be deliver to Warren Trent by a young man who introduce himself as Sean Hall of the O'Keefe Hotels Corporation . not only Tom Earlshore 's , but also other name of trust employee appear in the investigator ' finding . 



 the report , however , Warren Trent reflect , have have one useful effect . it release he from an obligation . until last night , a good deal of his thinking about the St. Gregory have be condition by a loyalty , which he assume he owe to the hotel 's employee . not anymore . 



 it be twenty - five minute before noon when Warren Trent enter the Pontalba Lounge from the lobby . Tom Earlshore , Warren Trent observe , be behind the bar with his back to the room . the elderly bartender be study a Racing Form . 



 " be that the way you have be use my money ? " 



 Tom Earlshore deftly fold the Racing Form , stuff it into a rear pant pocket . " it be be a long time since we have see you in here , Mr Trent . too long . " 



 " be leave alone have give you a lot of opportunity . " 



 Tom Earlshore say uncomfortably , " be anything wrong , Mr Trent ? can I mix you something ? " 



 about to refuse , he change his mind and name a drink . 



 Tom Earlshore reach swiftly for the ingredient . it have always be a pleasure to watch he at work . 



 " this drink be as good as any you have ever make . " Warren 's eye meet Earlshore 's . " I be glad of that because it be the last drink you will ever mix in my hotel . " 



 Earlshore 's tongue touch his lip nervously . " you do not mean that , Mr Trent . " 



 the hotel proprietor push his glass away . " of all people , Tom , why do it have to be you ? " 



 " I do not know what ... " 



 Warren Trent produce the O'Keefe investigator ' report , " Read ! " 



 earlshore put on his glass . he read a few line then stop . he look up . there be no denial now . " you can not prove anything . " 



 " if I choose to , I can . these people smell out the corruption , because they do not make the mistake - my mistake - of trust you , believe you a friend . well , you need not worry ; I do not intend to prosecute . if I do , I would feel I be destroy something of myself . " 



 the barman feel relief and plead , " I swear if you give I another chance it would never happen again . " 



 Warren Trent say brusquely , " there be be enough say . now get out of the hotel and do not ever come here again . you do not work here anymore . " 



 slowly the ex - head barman 's expression change . a twisted grin take its place as he declare , " all right , I will go . but you will not be far behind , Mr High - and - Mighty Trent , because you be getting throw out too , and everybody around here know it . for more year than I remember , you act as if you own everybody in this place . you do pay a few more cent in wage than some other , and hand out bit of charity the way you do to I . but you pay the wage to keep out the union , and the charity make you feel great , so people know it be more for you than for they . " earlshore stop , his face reveal a suspicion he have go too far . 



 strangely , the anger of a few moment ago have leave Warren Trent . " Tom , you will not know the why or how , but the last thing you have do for I have be a favor . now go before I change my mind about send you to jail . " 



 Tom Earlshore turn and , look neither to right nor leave , walk out . 



 the remark that he have be laugh at for his attempt to treat employee well have cut deeply - the more , because it have a ring of truth . well , he think ; wait a day or two . we will see who be laugh then . 



 Warren Trent ask for a taxi and instruct the driver , " just drive I a few block . take I to a pay phone . " he feel disinclined to explain that the call he be about to make be far too secret to risk the use of any hotel line . 



 he retrace his step to the telephone and close the booth door carefully . " a credit card call , " he inform the operator . " to Washington , D.C. " 



 " good morning , " Warren Trent say . " some time ago , when we meet , you make a tentative proposal . possibly you do not remember ... " 



 " I always remember . some people wish I do not . " 



 " I be willing to make a deal . " 



 " I make deal . other accept they . " 



 " for year you have be try to get a foot in the hotel business . you also want to strengthen your union 's position in New Orleans . I be offer you a chance for both . " 



 " how high be the price ? " 



 " two million dollar - in a secure first mortgage . in return , you get a union shop and write your own contract . I presume it would be reasonable since your own money would be involve . " 



 " when do you need the money ? " 



 " the money by Friday . a decision before tomorrow midday . " 



 " come to I last , eh ? when everybody'd turn you down ? " 



 there be no point in lie . Warren Trent answer shortly , " yes . the O'Keefe people make an offer to buy ... " 



 " might be smart to take it . " 



 " if I do , you will never get this chance from they . " 



 Warren Trent could sense the other man think , calculate . for a decade the International Brotherhood of Journeymen have attempt to infiltrate the hotel industry . so far , however , they have fail . the reason have be a unity - on this one issue - between hotel operator , who fear the Journeymen , and more honest union , who despise they . for the Journeymen , a contract with the St. Gregory hotel could be a crack in this massive dam of organize resistance . 



 as to the money , a two - million - dollar investment - if the journeyman choose to make it - would be a small bite from the union 's massive treasury . 



 within the hotel industry , Warren Trent realize , he would be brand a traitor if the arrangement he be suggest go through . and among his own employee he would be heatedly condemn , at least by those inform enough to know they have be betray . 



 it be the employee who stand to lose most . if a union contract be sign , union due - probably six to ten dollar monthly - would become compulsory . thus , not only would any immediate wage increase be wipe out , but employee ' pay would be decrease . 



 " I will send two of my financial people . they will fly down this afternoon . if tomorrow morning my people report okay to I , you will sign a three - year union shop contract . in three year you will have to pay we off the mortgage and interest . " it be a statement , not a question . 



 " of course , and there will have to be an employee ' vote , though I be certain I can guarantee the outcome . " Warren Trent have a moment 's uneasiness , wonder if he really could . 



 " this will be a Voluntary Recognition Agreement . nothing in law say it have to be vote on . there will be no vote . " 



 so , his own signature on a union contract would , in the circumstance , be bind on every hotel employee , whether they like it or not . 





 CHAPTER eight 



 return to his office on the main mezzanine , Peter occupy himself with routine business for the remainder of the morning , when he be inform that a guest room , occupy by Mr Stanley Kilbrick of Marshalltown , Iowa , have be rob . a long list of valuable and cash be allege to be miss , and the guest , accord to the assistant manager , seem extremely upset . a house detective be already on the scene . some twenty minute later , he arrive in Peter McDermott 's office . 



 Ogilvie lay a handwritten list of miss valuable on Peter 's desk . 



 " be there any sign of forced entry ? " 



 the detective shake his head . " key job sure . Kilbrick claim he lose his key . More than likely , though , he fall for a Bourbon Street girl routine . but he be already figure the hotel 's insurance be good for what he lose . maybe a bit more ; he say there be four hundred dollar cash in his wallet . " 



 " do you believe he ? " 



 " no . " 



 " do you think it be a once - only job ? " 



 " no , I do not , " Ogilvie say . " I reckon we have get a professional hotel thief here . " 



 " what make you think so ? " 



 " a complaint from room 641 . near dawn some character let himself in 641 with a key . the man in the room wake up . the other guy pretend he be drunk and say he would mistook it for 614 . " 



 " the desk could have give out a wrong key . " 



 " could have , but do not . and 614 be a married couple ; they go to bed early last night . " 



 " it look as if you be right about a professional thief . in which case we should start plan a campaign . " 



 " I already tell the desk clerk to ask name when they hand out key . and my man will do extra patrol . " Ogilvie say . 



 Peter nod approvingly . " that sound good . have you consider move into the hotel yourself for a day or two ? " 



 Peter think , a worried expression cross the fat man 's face . then he shake his head . " will not need it . my man know what to do . you do not have to worry . " 



 Peter 's instinct tell he that for some reason the fat man be worry himself . 



 he descend to the lobby and stroll to the main dining room . the St. Gregory 's comptroller , Royall Edwards , and Sam Jakubiec , the credit manager , be already at lunch as Peter join they . Doc Vickery , the chief engineer , who have arrive a few minute early , be study a menu . 



 Jakubiec ask , " what be this rumor I hear - that our dentist ' convention may walk out ? " 



 " your hearing 's good , Sam . this afternoon I will know whether it remain a rumor . " Peter begin his soup , which have appear like magic , then describe the lobby event of an hour early . the face of the other grow serious as they listen . 



 then Jakubiec ask pointedly , " well , what be the news ? " 



 Peter shake his head . " do not know a thing , Sam . except that be a good soup . " 



 Royall Edwards have be sample the fried chicken serve to himself and Jakubiec a moment early . now he put down his knife and fork . 



 Peter ask , " be it really that bad ? " 



 " no , if you happen to be partial to rancid food . " 



 Jakubiec sample his own serving as the other watch . at length he inform they : " if I be pay for this meal - I would not . " 



 Peter catch sight of the head waiter across the dining room and beckon he over . " Max , be Chef Hebrand on duty ? " 



 " no , Mr McDermott , Sous - chef Lemieux be in charge . if it be about the fried chicken , I assure you everything be take care of . we have stop serve that dish and where there have be complaint the entire meal have be replace . " 



 " at the moment , " Peter say , " I be more concerned about find out what happen . would you ask Chef Lemieux if he would care to join we ? " 



 it be a temptation to stride through and inquire directly what have go wrong . but to do so would be unwise . in deal with their senior chef , hotel executive follow a protocol as proscribe and traditional as that of any royal household . within the kitchen the chef de cuisine - or , in the chef 's absence , the sous - chef - be undisputed king . for a hotel manager to enter the kitchen without invitation be unthinkable . 



 to invite a chef outside the kitchen be in order . in fact , it be close to a command since , in Warren Trent 's absence , Peter McDermott be the hotel 's senior officer . 



 the kitchen door swing open once more . 



 " gentleman , " Peter announce to the executive ' table , " in case you have not meet , this be Chef Andre Lemieux . " 



 Peter McDermott have encounter the new sous - chef several time since the latter 's arrival at the St. Gregory six week early . at each meeting Peter find himself like the newcomer more . 



 his qualification be excellent . he have train in Paris , work in London . but already in his short time at the St. Gregory , Peter suspect , the young sous - chef have encounter frustration . this be the refusal of M. Hebrand to allow any change in the kitchen , despite the chef de cuisine 's own frequent absence from duty , leave his sous - chef in charge . 



 in many way , Peter think sympathetically , the situation parallel his own relationship with Warren Trent . 



 Peter indicate a vacant seat at the executive ' table . " will not you join we ? " 



 " thank you , monsieur . " 



 " have you discover , " Peter ask , " what cause the trouble ? " 



 the sous - chef glance unhappily toward the kitchen . " the trouble have many cause . in this , the fault be fry fat badly taste . but it be I who must blame myself - that the fat be not change , as I believe . and I , Andre Lemieux , I allow such food to leave the kitchen . " he shake his head unbelievingly . 



 " it be hard for one person to be everywhere , " the chief engineer say . " all of we , who have department , know that . " 



 " unfortunately , we will never know how many do not complain about what they have , but will not come back again . " 



 Andre Lemieux nod glumly . " Messieurs , you will excuse I . Monsieur McDermott , when you finish , perhaps we could talk together , yes ? " 



 fifteen minute later Peter enter the kitchen through the dining - room door . 



 " it be good of you to come , monsieur . " 



 Peter shake his head . " I enjoy kitchen . " 



 " I wish to speak with you alone , monsieur . with other present , you understand , there be thing that be hard to say . " the young chef 's face be trouble . " this morning I give the order . my nose inform I the fat be not good . but M. Herbrand - without tell I about it - forbid to follow my order . " 



 involuntarily Peter smile . " what be the reason for change the order ? " 



 " Fat be high cost . lately we have change it many time . too many . " 



 " have you try to find the reason for that ? " 



 Andre Lemieux raise his hand in a despairing gesture . " I have propose , each day , a chemical test - for free fatty acid . it could be do in a laboratory , even here . M. Herbrand do not agree - with that or other thing . " 



 " you believe there be a good deal wrong here ? " 



 " many thing . this be not a kitchen to work with pride . yes , monsieur , I would make change , many change , well for the hotel , for Mr Herbrand , for other . but I be tell - as if an infant - to change nothing . " 



 Peter ask curiously , " if the St. Gregory stay independent , what kind of change would you have in mind ? " 



 " in this hotel we waste much money on the decor . but not enough on the sauce . with less throw - away we could have a cuisine that would satisfy any taste . now it be extravagantly ordinary . we must cook fast many meal , serve many people who be too much in an american hurry . but in these limitation there can be excellence of a kind . and I have prove my idea be not that high - cost . " 



 " how have you prove ? " 



 the young Frenchman lead the way into the glass - panel office . open a desk drawer he take out a large envelope and , from this , a folder . he hand it to Peter . " you ask what change . it be all here . " 



 there be many page , each fill with a fine , precise handwriting . several large , folded sheet prove to be chart . it be , he realize , a master catering plan for the entire hotel . on successive page be estimate cost , menu , a plan of quality control and an outlined staff reorganization . 



 Peter look up , " it be impressive . if I may , I would like to study this . " 



 " take it . there be no haste . and now there may be a great trouble if we do not find the cause why the fat have go bad . " 



 " what kind of trouble ? " 



 " today - through much good fortune - we have use the frying fat a little only . tomorrow , monsieur , there be six hundred frying for convention luncheon . " 



 " the fat will be fresh tomorrow , of course . when be it change previously ? " 



 " yesterday . " 



 " that recently ! " 



 Andre Lemieux nod . " M. Herbrand be make no joke when he complain of the high cost . but what be wrong be a mystery . " 



 some long forget fact stir in Peter 's brain . at Cornell there have be a course in food chemistry for Hotel Administration student . he remember a lecture dimly ... 



 " there be certain substance , " Peter say reminiscently , " which , in contact with fat , will act as catalyst and break it down quite quickly . " 



 " they be the moisture , the salt , the brass or the copper coupling in a fryer , too much meat , the oil of the olive . all these thing I have check . this be not the cause . " 



 " what metal be your fry basket ? " 



 " they be chrome . " the tone be puzzle . 



 " be the chrome in any place wear ? " 



 Lemieux hesitate , his eye widen slightly . silently he lift one of the basket down and wipe it carefully with a cloth . the chrome be scratch from long and constant use . 



 " it be brass ! " the young Frenchman clap a hand to his forehead . " without doubt it have cause the bad fat . " 



 Andre Lemieux seem close to tear . he say slowly , " other have say to I you be a good man , and intelligent . now , myself , I know this be true . " 



 Peter touch the folder in his hand . " I will read your report and tell you what I think . " 



 " Monsieur , there be something else that I be think . " the young sous- chef hesitate . " you and I , Monsieur McDermott - with the hand free - we could make this a hot - shot hotel . " 





 CHAPTER nine 



 a second after knock at the door of room 1410 , Christine Francis wonder why she have come . maybe she be , at this moment , just plain lonely , want to offset her disappointment in learn she would not meet Peter this evening . 



 Christine knock again , more sharply . the door open to reveal Albert Wells . he be fully dress . he look well and there be color in his face , which brighten as he see Christine . " I be hope you would come , miss . " 



 she say , surprised , " I think ... " 



 " I send the hotel doctor for Dr. Uxbridge . he say I be fine , and the nursing service be no long need . " he beam . 



 as she follow he into the room , he ask , " do you knock before ? I be sorry . I guess my mind be on this . " he point to a table near the window . on it be a large and intricate jigsaw puzzle , of which about two third be complete . " or I think it be Bailey . " 



 Christine ask curiously , " who be Bailey ? " 



 " if you stay a minute , you will meet he . " 



 she lean over the jigsaw puzzle , inspect it , " I use to do these a long time ago with my father . " 



 " I set out one of these when I want to think . sometimes I discover the key piece , and the answer to what I be think about , around the same time . " 



 abruptly there be a sharp , authoritative knock at the outer door . 



 she be surprised , when the door open , to see a uniformed hotel valet . he have a collection of suit , which he put into a closet and return to the door , where he stop with his palm outstretche . 



 " I already take care of you , " Albert Wells say with amusement in his voice . " when the suit be pick up this morning . you be Bailey . I tip your friend Barnum . " 



 Bailey grin sheepishly and go out , close the door behind he . 



 " what be all that about ? " ask Christine . 



 the little man chuckle , " it be a simple thing , miss . hotel valet work in pair , but the one who pick up a suit be never the one who deliver it back . they figure it that way , so mostly they get tip twice . " 



 she laugh . " how do you find out ? " 



 " a valet tell I once . " 



 " you do not like tipping , Mr Wells ? " 



 " I tip Barnum well this morning - sort of pay in advance for the bit of fun I have with Bailey just now . what I do not like be to be take for a fool . and many here figure they can get away with anything . it be because you do not have good management , though it could be good . " 



 " Peter McDermott tell I exactly the same thing - almost in those word . " 



 " now there be a smart young man . we have a talk yesterday . " 



 " Peter come here ? I do not know . " 



 " be you go to marry he , miss ? " 



 she protest , " whatever give you that idea ? " 



 Albert Wells chuckle , remind she of a mischievous elf . 



 " I sort of guess - by the way you say his name just now . if that young man have the kind of sense , he will find out he do not have to look much far , miss . " 



 " you read people 's mind , then you make they feel terrible . and my name be Christine . " 



 he say quietly , " that be a special name for I . it be my wife 's , too . she die . so long ago , sometimes I think the time we have together never really happen . " he stop . " you never know how much you share with someone until the sharing end . do not waste a lot of time ; you never get it back . " 



 " he be not my young man . at least , not yet . " 



 " he can be . " 



 then , almost before she know it , she find herself tell the little man about the tragedy in Wisconsin , her aloneness , the move to New Orleans , the adjust year , and now for the first time the possibility of a full and fruitful life . she reveal , too , the breakdown of this evening 's arrangement and her disappointment at the cause . 



 " I bet that young man ask you out tomorrow . " 



 Christine smile . " he might . " 



 " then get yourself another date before he do . he will appreciate you more , have to wait an extra day . I be go to ask anyway , Christine . I would like we to have dinner , you and I - a kind of thank you for what you do the other night , if you can bear an old man . we would well make it here in the hotel . " 



 " I would love to have dinner with you . " 





 CHAPTER ten 



 " McDermott , if you have come here with some idea of smooth thing over , I will tell you right now you be waste time . be that why you come ? " 



 " yes , Dr. Ingram , " Peter admit . " I be afraid it be . I be sorry I have no authority to change anything . " 



 " if you really feel sorry , you would quit and get a job some other place . " 



 Peter remind himself that this morning in the lobby he have admire the elderly dentist for his stand . nothing have change since then . 



 " suppose I do quit , " Peter say . " whoever take my job might be perfectly satisfied with the way thing be . at least I be not . I intend to do what I can to change the rule here . " 



 " these excuse make I ashamed , and sick of the human race ! " Dr. Ingram 's voice drop , " well , son . I see that you have many problem that be not simple to solve . but you hear what I tell Nicholas . I say if he do not get an apology and a room , I would pull the entire convention out of this hotel . " 



 " be not there event at your convention that benefit a lot of people ? " 



 " naturally . " 



 " then would cancel everything help ? not Dr. Nicholas ... " 



 " there be always reason for not do something ; plenty of time they be good reason . let I ask you something . if you be I , here and now , what would you do ? " 



 Peter consider . as far as the hotel be concern , he suppose whatever he say now would make little difference to the outcome . why not answer honestly ? 



 " I think I would do exactly as you in- tend - cancel out . " 



 " beneath all that hotel crap lie an honest man . " 



 " who may shortly be unemployed . " 



 " despite everything , McDermott , I like you . get any tooth need fix ? " 



 " if you do not mind , I would soon know what your plan be . as soon as possible . " the loss to the hotel be go to be disastrous , as Royall Edwards have point out at lunch . 



 Dr. Ingram say crisply , " you be honest with I ; I will do the same for you . I have call an emergency executive session for five this afternoon . I will be in touch . but even if you be a decent man , nothing have change since this morning , and I intend to kick you people where it hurt . " 





 CHAPTER ELEVEN 



 Surprisingly , Warren Trent react almost with indifference to the news that the Congress of American Dentistry might abandon its convention . 



 " they will talk , but they will not go . " 



 " Dr. Ingram seem quite serious . " 



 " People will talk about so - call principle , but they will not inconvenience themselves if they can avoid it . " 



 Peter say doggedly , " it might still be simple if we change our policy . otherwise , we would be in trouble . " 



 Warren Trent 's patrician feature crease sardonically . " we may have be in trouble for a while . in a day or two , however , that will not be true . tomorrow I shall tell O'Keefe and his entire hotel chain to go jump in Lake Pontchartrain . " 



 a few minute later Flora Yates show four young man into Peter McDermott 's office . he motion they to chair and inquire , " which of you be Dixon ? " 



 " I be . " 



 " Dumaire ? " 



 less confidently , Lyle Dumaire nod . 



 " I do not have the other two name . " 



 the third youth interject , " I be Gladwin . this be Joe Waloski . " 



 " all of you , " Peter state , " be aware that I have listen to Miss Marsha Preyscott 's report of what occur Monday night . if you wish , I be willing to hear your version . " 



 Dixon speak quickly , before anyone else could intervene . " come here be your idea , not ours . so if you have get any talking , get on with it . " 



 " very well . I suggest we deal with the least important matter first . suite 1126 - 7 be register in your name . when you run away " - he emphasize the last two word -"you have over - look check out , so I do it for you . there be an unpaid bill of seventy - five dollar and there be a further bill , for damage to the suite , of one hundred and ten dollar . " 



 " we will pay the seventy - five , " Dixon say . " that be all . " 



 " if necessary , we will sue . " 



 Lyle Dumaire shift uneasily , " Stan , whatever happen they can make a lot of fuss . " he address Peter , " if we do pay - the hundred and ten - we might have trouble get it all at once . could we pay a little at a time ? " 



 " certainly . " he glance around the group . " be we to regard that part as settle ? " 



 the quartet nod . 



 " that leave the matter of the attempt rape . " 



 Waloski and Gladwin flush . Lyle Dumaire uncomfortably avoid Peter 's eye . only Dixon maintain his self- assurance . " do not you wish you have be there ? or maybe you have your piece after . " 



 Peter grip the arm of his chair tightly . he fight back an impulse to rush out from behind the desk and strike the smirk face in front of he . but he could not give Dixon the advantage he be try to get . 



 " you be all aware that criminal charge can be lay . " 



 " if they be go to be , " Dixon counter , " somebody'd have do it by now . " 



 " would you be willing to repeat that statement to Mr Mark Preyscott ? if he be bring back from Rome after be tell what happen to his daughter ? " 



 Lyle Dumaire look up sharply , his expression alarm . for the first time , there be a flicker of panic in Dixon 's eye . 



 " I have here a sign statement , make by I , of exactly what I be inform by Miss Preyscott , and what I observe myself on arrival at suite 1126 - 7 , Monday night . there be a further statement make and sign by Aloysius Royce , the hotel employee you assault . " 



 last night in response to a telephone request the young Negro have deliver his statement early this morning . the neatly type document be clear and carefully phrased , reflect Royce 's legal training . 



 Stan Jakubiec have be helpful also . at Peter 's request the credit manager have make inquiry about the two youth , Stanley Dixon and Lyle Dumaire . he report : " Dumaire 's father , as you know , be the bank president ; Dixon 's father be a car dealer - good business , big home . but Mark Preyscott have as much influence as anyone in this town . he and the other two man move in the same circle , though Preyscott probably rate higher socially . " 



 " I imagine if the case go to the court , your family might give some of you a hard time . " from a glance between Dixon and Dumaire he know the last thrust have go home . 



 Lyle Dumaire ask , " what be you go to do ? " 



 " if you cooperate , I intend to do nothing more . on the other hand , I intend to cable Mr Preyscott in Rome and deliver these paper to his lawyer here . " 



 " what do ' cooperate ' mean ? " 



 " here and now you will each write an account of what take place Monday night , include whatever occur in the early part of the evening and who , if anyone , be involve from the hotel . " 



 " what will you do then ? " 



 " you have my word they will be see by no one , other than internally within the hotel . " 



 " how do we know we can trust you ? " 



 " you will have to take that chance . " 



 Waloski say , " I will take a chance . give I something to write on . " 



 " I guess I will too . " it be Gladwin . 



 Lyle Dumaire , unhappily , nod . 



 Dixon shrug . " so everybody be go to write . what be the difference ? " 



 a half hour later Peter McDermott reread , more carefully , the several page he have skim over quickly before the youth leave . 



 the four version of Monday 's evening event fill in early gap in information , and all four mention the bell captain , Herbie Chandler . 





 CHAPTER TWELVE 



 the appearance of the Duchess of Croydon at the same time Keycase himself be pass through the lobby be an omen among omen , Keycase think . he now know exactly what he be suppose to do . 



 first , he ride elevator several time , and when he be alone with an elevator operator , he ask the seemingly casual question , " be it true the Duke and Duchess of Croydon be stay in the hotel ? " 



 " that be right , sir . " 



 " I suppose the hotel keep special room for visitor like that . " 



 " well , sir , the Duke and Duchess have the Presidential Suite . " 



 " oh ! what floor 's that ? " 



 " ninth . " 



 Point two be to establish the precise room number . up one flight by the service stair , then a short walk , and Keycase note the number : 973 - 7 . 



 then a quick inspection of Reception show that the room key to 973 - 7 be in the slot . 



 after a few minute ' observation it become obvious that the hotel have be alert . today as guest request key , the clerk ask name , then check the answer against a registration list . he feel a cold stab of fear . once again , remember the awful price of one more conviction , Keycase be tempt to play safe , check out and run . then , force doubt aside , he comfort himself with the memory of this morning 's oman . 



 after a time the waiting prove worth while . one desk clerk , a young man with light wavy hair , appear unsure of himself , Keycase judge he to be new to his job . 



 Hurriedly , Keycase leave the hotel . his destination be the Maison Blanche department store . 



 Keycase buy inexpensive but bulky item , mainly child 's toy , and wait while each be enclose in a box or wrap paper . he also stop at a florist 's , and return to the hotel with present and a large azalea plant in bloom . 



 his heart pound , Keycase approach the Reception area . the young clerk turn to Keycase and smile involuntarily at the amount of package top by the bloom . 



 " I be sure it be very funny . but if it be not too much trouble , I would like the key of 973 . " 



 " your name , sir ? " 



 " what be this - an interrogation ? " simultaneously he allow two parcel to drop . fluster , the young clerk retrieve both . 



 " I beg your pardon , sir . " 



 " never mind . " accept the parcel and rearrange the other , Keycase hold out his hand for the key . 



 the young man hesitate . then the image Keycase have hope to create win out : a tired , frustrated shopper ; absurdly burden ; an already irritated guest , not to be trifle with far ... 



 the desk clerk hand over the key of 973 . 



 he instruct the elevator operator , " nine"- a precaution in case anyone have hear he demand a ninth - floor key . step out as the elevator stop , he adjust parcel until the door close behind he , then hurry to the service stair . on a landing , halfway , be a garbage can . open it , he stuff in the plant , which have serve its purpose . a few second later he be in his own room , 830 . 



 he shove the parcel hurriedly into a closet . tomorrow he would return they to the store and claim refund . 



 he unzip a suitcase and take out a number of white card . select one of the card , Keycase lay the Presidential Suite key upon it . then , hold the key still , he draw an outline around the edge . next , with micrometer and caliper , he measure the thickness of the key and the exact dimension of each horizontal groove and vertical cut , jot the result beside the outline on the card . he now have an expertly detailed specification , which a skilled locksmith could follow unerringly . 



 moment later he be back in the main lobby . he wait until the desk clerk be busy and lay the 973 key unnoticed upon the counter . 





 CHAPTER THIRTEEN 



 Peter approach an iron gate , which open smoothly . he have reach the terrace step when Marsha go out of the house . she be in white , her raven black hair startle by contrast . he be aware , more than ever , of the provoke woman - child quality . 



 " welcome ! " 



 " thank you . your place be amazing . " 



 she entwine her arm in his . " I will give you the preyscott official tour before it be dark . " 



 through his coat sleeve he could feel the warm firmness of her flesh . her fingertip touch his wrist lightly . 



 " this be where you see it all well . " 



 from this side of the lawn the view be even more impressive . the immense , white - front mansion be breathtake . 



 " a french nobleman build the house in the 1840 . he like Greek Revival architecture , and also have his mistress handy , which be the reason for an extra wing . my father add the other wing . he prefer thing balance . my father do a lot of restoration . " 



 " you must love all this very much . " 



 " I hate it , " Marsha say . 



 he look at she inquiringly . 



 " oh , I would not if I come to see it as a visitor for fifty cent . I would admire it because I love old thing . but not to live with always , especially alone and after dark . " 



 he remind she , " it be get dark now . " 



 " but you be here . that make it different . " 



 " will not your other guest be miss you ? " 



 she glance sideways , mischievously . " what other guest ? I say I be give a dinner party ; so I be . for you . besides , Anna be here . " they have pass into the house . in the background a small elderly woman in black silk nod , smile . " I tell Anna about you . and this be Ben , " Marsha say , point at a Negro manservant . 



 " you spend a lot of time alone here ? " 



 " my father come home between trip . it be just that the trip get long and the time between short . I would prefer a bungalow or a hotel apartment if I share it with someone I really care about . " 



 a moment later the manservant announce quietly that dinner be serve . 



 a small circular table be set for two . they chat through dinner . Marsha seem more charming as the minute pass , and he himself more relaxed in her company . he wonder if long ago the french nobleman who build the great house , and his mistress , have dine as intimately here . 



 at the end of dinner Marsha say , " we will have coffee on the gallery . " 



 there they take their coffee to a cushion porch glider , which swing lazily as they sit down . 



 " you have suddenly become quiet . " 



 " I know . I be wonder how to say something . " 



 " you might try directly . it often work . " 



 " all right . " there be a breathlessness to her voice . " I have decide I want to marry you . " 



 for what seem like long minute but be , he suspect , second only , Peter remain unmove . 



 Marsha cough , then change the cough to a nervous laugh . " if you want to run , the stair be that way . " 



 " if I do that , I would never know why you say what you do just now . " 



 " I be not sure myself . " he sense that she be tremble . " except I suddenly want to say it . " 



 it be important , he know , that whatever he next say to this impulsive girl should be with gentleness and consideration . but it be true that Marsha be not a child , nor should she be treat like one . 



 " Marsha , you scarcely know I , or I you . " 



 " I have an instinct about you . from the very first moment . " 



 " but instinct may be wrong . " 



 " you can always be wrong , even when you wait a long time . " Marsha turn , face he directly . " my father and mother know each other fifteen year before they marry . my mother once tell I that everyone they know say it would be a perfect match . as it turn out , it be the bad . I know . I be in the middle . " 



 he be silent , not know what to say . 



 " you see Anna tonight ? when she be seventeen , she be force to marry a man she have meet just once before . but they stay married for forty - six year . her husband die last year . he be the kind , sweetest man I have ever know . if ever there be a perfect marriage it belong to they . " 



 " Anna do not follow her instinct . if she have , she would not have marry . " 



 " I know . I be simply say there be not any guarantee way , and instinct can be as good a guide as any . " there be a pause , then Marsha add , " I know I could make you love I , in time . " 



 he have a sudden , irrational conviction that what she say might well be true . 



 he wonder what the reaction of the absent Mark Preyscott would be . 



 " if you be think about my father , he always listen to reason and I know I could convince he . besides , he would like you . I know the kind of people he admire most , and you be one . and I know - and my father would too - that someday you will be a big success with hotel , and maybe own your own . not that I care about that . it be you I want . " 



 " Marsha , " Peter say gently , " I do not ... I simply do not know what to say . I be move and overwhelmed . " 



 " then do not say any more ! " Marsha leap to her foot , her hand hold out toward he . he take they and stand face she , their finger interlace . " just go away and think ! especially about I . " 



 he say - and mean it - " it will be difficult not to . " 



 she put up her face to be kiss . he intend to brush her cheek , but she put up her lip to his . it be impossible , at the moment , to think of Marsha as anything but a woman . he feel his sense swim , but he force himself away . " I must go . " 



 he go down the terrace step , scarcely know they be there . 





 CHAPTER fourteen 



 at 10:30 p.m. , Ogilvie , the chief house officer , come to the hotel garage . the fat man have some thing to do before departure . for that he have buy a standard lamp at a self - serve auto part store . 



 the thought of the twenty - five thousand dollar give the fat man a pleasant glow . he have receive ten thousand this afternoon , and it be safely hide now , with only two hundred dollar on he . but he still feel uneasy . the robbery last night , and the likelihood that a professional thief be at work in the St. Gregory , mean that , in spite of all instruction to his man he be to direct operation personally . McDermott would be furious to learn about his absence , and their row would do what he want to avoid most - draw attention to his movement in the next few day . 



 the garage be quiet . Ogilvie go to the garage office where the night checker be on duty . 



 " want to let you know , " Ogilvie say . " I will be take the Duke of Croydon 's car out soon . I be do a favor for he . " Ogilvie produce the Duchess of Croydon 's note , write this morning at his request . 



 " I will have to keep this . " 



 the fat man would have prefer to have the note , but to insist would raise an issue . 



 a few minute later he replace the remnant of the shattered Jaguar headlight with a new lamp . all the time he be aware he have to be cautious . if a jockey observe he and come across , it would mean curiosity and question , which would be repeat downstairs . he head to a cleaner ' closet on the floor below , where he select a broom , dustpan , and a bucket , fill the bucket with water , and hurry back to the Jaguar on the floor above . 



 the last thing he do be wipe dry blood off the car . 





 CHAPTER fifteen 



 " I might be able to help more , " Royall Edwards observe pointedly , " if someone tell I what this be all about . " 



 the St. Gregory 's comptroller have be instruct personally by the hotel proprietor , " these gentleman will examine our book . they will probably work through until tomorrow morning . I would like you to stay with they . give they everything they ask for . hold no information back . " 



 " I would say if we be to get through this job by morning , we would well have less chit - chat , " the first man answer , without look up from a balance sheet . 



 the second man add , " you see how it be , Mr Edwards ? I guess Frank 's right . so , maybe we would provide explanation later . now , Mr Edwards , I would like to go over your inventory system - purchasing , card control , present stock , your last supply check , all the rest . and could we have more coffee ? " 





 THURSDAY 



 CHAPTER one 



 it be a half hour past midnight . Peter McDermott have walk , he think , for a couple of hour , perhaps long . he feel refresh and tired . he have return to his downtown apartment after visit Marsha , but he have be restless , so he have go out walk . 



 a few minute early he have telephone the St. Gregory . the dentist ' executive board , after a six - hour session , have reach no firm conclusion . however , an emergency general meeting of all convention delegate be to be hold at 9:30 a.m. 



 apart from this brief diversion , most of his thought have be of Marsha . one thing be clear : her proposal be impossible . but he know , he have be draw to Marsha tonight , not as a young girl but as a woman . would he see Marsha again ? he suppose it be inevitable he should . but when and how to end it all ? 



 there remain the thought of Christine , too . 



 the St. Gregory be more or less on the way and instinctively his footstep take he past it . when he reach the hotel , it be a few minute after one a.m. 



 he be about to pass the entry to the hotel garage when he halt , warn by the sound of a motor . it be a black Jaguar and it look as if a fender have be dent ; there be something odd about the headlight too . he hope the damage have not occur in the hotel garage . 



 automatically he glance toward the driver . he be startled to see it be Ogilvie . the chief house officer , meet Peter 's eye , seem equally surprised . then the car pull out of the garage and continue on . 





 CHAPTER two 



 Keycase Milne have trouble with have a duplicate of the key . it would not be ready until midday Thursday , and the price demand be high . 



 he have to wait and , even though there be still two room key in his collection , he decide to wait and concentrate on the large project involve the Duchess of Croydon . 



 that night he dream that a great iron door , shut out air and daylight , be close upon he . he try to run while a gap remain , but be powerless to move . when the door have close , he weep , know it would never open again . 



 he awake shivering , in darkness . his face be wet with tear . 





 CHAPTER three 



 about seventy mile north of New Orleans , Ogilvie be still speculate on his encounter with Peter McDermott . he think that the only possible reason for Peter McDermott 's presence be to witness his own departure . how McDermott might have learn of the plan , Ogilvie have no idea . 



 it be only later that he begin to wonder : could it have be coincidence after all ? if McDermott have be there with some intent , the Jaguar would have be pursue or halt at a roadblock long before now . 



 it be then it happen . behind he , appear as if magically , be a flash red light . a siren shriek imperiously . it be the very thing , which for the past several hour he have expect to happen . when it fail to , he have relax . now , the reality be a double shock . 



 instinctively , his accelerator foot slam to the floor , but soon realize it be useless . even if he outdistance pursuit now , he could not avoid other forewarn ahead . 



 as he slow down , the ambulance pass by . 



 the incident leave he shake and convince of his own tiredness . he stop to consult a map and shortly afterward turn off the highway onto a complex of minor road . soon the road surface have deteriorate to a grassy track . the surround countryside be sparsely woode and desolate , with no habitation in sight . 



 Ogilvie drive forward carefully until foliage conceal the car . then he climb into the back seat and sleep . 



 CHAPTER FOUR 



 Warren Trent hum cheerfully to himself , think about the deal make yesterday with the Journeymen 's Union , as he shower and afterward be shave by Aloysius Royce . after he immediately telephone Royall Edwards . accord to the comptroller 's report , the visitor , though brief on the hotel 's current financial crisis , have uncover nothing else extraordinary and seem satisfied by Edwards ' response to their query . 



 almost at once the telephone rang . an operator 's voice announce that the call be long distance . when he have identify himself , a second operator ask he to wait . at length the Journeymen 's Union president come brusquely on the line , " I warn you yesterday not to hold back on information . you be stupid enough to try . you be lucky this time that the whistle blow before a deal be close . " 



 the unexpectedness momentarily rob Warren Trent of speech . recover , he protest , " I have not the least idea what this be about . " 



 " no idea , when there have be a race riot in your goddamned hotel ! " 



 " there be an incident yesterday morning , a small one . at the time we talk I be unaware that it have happen . " 



 " if I put money into a hotel that turn away nig , my members'll scream bloody murder along with every congressman who want the colored vote . " 



 Aware that whatever be say would make no difference now , Warren Trent comment acidly , " you have not always be so particular about use union fund . " 



 " someday you may be sorry for that . " 



 Slowly , Warren Trent replace the telephone . on a table nearby Aloysius Royce have spread open the New York newspaper . it show yesterday 's scene in the St. Gregory lobby with Dr. Nicholas and Dr. Ingram as central figure . " it be mostly in here . I do not see anything in the Times . " 



 his eye flicker upward , meet the young Negro 's gaze . " I suppose you think I get what I deserve . " 



 Royce consider . " something like that , I guess . " 



 " O'Keefe will take over . " the old man walk to a window and stand look out , " I imagine you hear the term I be offer - among they that I would continue to live here . I suppose that when you graduate from law school next month , I will still have to put up with you around the place . " 



 Aloysius Royce know that what he be hear be the plea of a defeat , lonely man for he to stay . for almost twelve year Warren Trent have treat he in many way like a son . and yet there be other , conflict pressure affect the choice to go or stay . 



 " I have not think about it much , " he lie . 



 Warren Trent reflect : all thing , large and small , be change , most of they abruptly . in his mind he have not the least doubt that Royce would leave he soon , just as control of the St. Gregory have finally elude he . 



 in a few minute , he would call Curtis O'Keefe and officially surrender . 





 CHAPTER five 



 Herbie Chandler 's report on the St. Gregory civil right incident in the Time magazine press room confirm what Quaratone , an eager young man , who have already interview the dentist ' president , Dr. Ingram , have be tell . 



 " the dentist ' meeting be take place this morning , but they have tell the head floor waiter no one be to get in except member , not even wife . " quaratone 's idea be , however , to attend the meeting in a borrow bellboy 's uniform . 



 " the room where the meeting will be hold , " Quaratone query , " be it a good size convention hall ? " 



 Chandler nod . " the Dauphine Salon , sir , seat three hundred . " 



 Quaratone say , think aloud , " professional people - on racial issue anyway - do not usually take strong stand . I would say the situation 's unique . " More than ever he be determined to find a way of get into the meeting . 



 abruptly , he tell Herbie Chandler , " I want a plan of the convention floor and the floor above . I want it fast because if we be to do any good we have less than an hour . " the Time man hand five of twenty - dollar bill to Chandler . 



 within a few minute , Herbie Chandler arrive with Ches Ellis , a hotel maintenance worker . the newcomer shake hand with Quaratone , then , touch a roll of whiteprint under his arm , say uneasily , " I have to get these back . " 



 Quaratone help Ellis roll out the plan , " now , where be the Dauphine Salon ? " 



 " right here . " 



 " what be this ? " 



 " cold - air duct . run through the Dauphine Salon ceiling . there be three outlet to the room . Center and each end . " 



 " how big be the duct ? " 



 " about three foot square . " 



 " I would like you to get I in that duct , so I can hear and see what be go on below . " 



 in a few minute , a metal grille , high on the wall , be remove by Ellis , and a tall stepladder stand in front of an opening , which the grille have cover . without conversation , Quaratone ascend the stepladder and ease himself upward and in . darkness , except for stray glimmer from the kitchen , be complete . he feel a breath of cool air on his face . Ellis whisper after he , " count four outlet ! the fourth , fifth , and sixth be the Dauphine Salon . I will come back in half an hour ; if you be not ready , half an hour after that . " 



 Quaratone try to turn his head and fail . it be a reminder that get out would be hard than get in . 



 the air duct outlet be easy to spot because of light . near the fourth , he could hear voice . the meeting have begin . the view be even well from the next outlet . he could see half of the assemblage . the Time man bring out a notebook and a ballpoint pen with a tiny light in its tip . 



 Dr. Ingram be speak , " professional people like we do not discriminate - at least most of the time - and in the past we have consider that to be enough . but here and now we be involve . I suggest we should cancel our convention . the step I have propose involve inconvenience , disappointment to I , no less than to you - and a professional as well as a public loss . but it be the only way , by which we shall prove that in matter of human right this profession be not to be trifle with again . " 



 near the center of the room a figure rise to his foot . 



 " I have just one question for the doctor . will he be the one who will explain to my little woman - who be be count on this trip like a lot of other wife - why it be that having just get here we be to go home ? " 



 a number of other voice speak at once . then , as if by assent , attention focus on a slim figure . " some of my well - like associate be those of other race . but I can not believe that our unfortunately absent colleague , Dr. Nicholas , would gain in the least from cancellation of our convention . naturally , we must support our own people where necessary , and in a moment I shall suggest certain step in the case of Dr. Nicholas . but we be professional medical man with time for little else . " 



 " can not all of you see that we be consider a question of human right and decency ? ! " exclaim Mr Ingram . 



 there be cry of " Order ! order ! " 



 " thank you . gentleman , I will make my suggestion briefly . first , I propose that our future convention should be hold in locale where Dr. Nicholas and other of his race will be accept without question or embarrassment . secondly , I propose that we pass a resolution disapprove the action of this hotel in reject Dr. Nicholas , after which we should continue with our convention as plan . " 



 on the platform , Dr. Ingram shake his head in disbelief . 



 in his eyrie , Quaratone have cease to listen . he be watch , instead , the face of the listener below . they mirror relief . relief from the need for the kind of action . there have be some mild protest but it be short - lived . 



 but the Time man have his story . 





 CHAPTER SIX 



 Peter McDermott hear of the Dentistry Congress decision to continue with its convention almost as soon as the meeting end . he suppose that for the hotel 's sake he should be please . instead , he have a feeling of depression . 



 as Peter enter the manage director 's section of the executive suite , Christine look up from her desk . she smile warmly , remind he how much he have want to talk with her last evening . 



 " be it a nice party ? " 



 " everything be fine . I miss you , though . if you be free , perhaps I could make up for it tonight . " 



 " tonight I be have dinner with Mr Wells . if you work late , why not join we afterward ? " 



 " if I can , I will . be W.T. available ? " 



 " you can go in . but he seem depress this morning . " indeed , the news , which Peter bring , seem to make little impression on he . 



 the exchange remind Christine of the stratagem she have think of yesterday . she telephone Max , head waiter of the main dining room . 



 " Max , " Christine say , " I have a friend , who like dining - room service - an elderly gentleman name Mr Wells . we will be in for dinner tonight . I want you to make sure that his bill be light , though not so small that he will notice . the difference you can put on my account . " 



 the head waiter chuckle . " say ! you be the kind of girl I would like to know myself . Miss Francis , when we present his bill he will think he eat in the automat . " 



 she hang up , laugh , aware that Max would handle the situation with tact and good sense . 



 Peter McDermott read Ogilvie 's memo , slowly , for the second time . 



 it read : 





 Mr P. McDermott 



 the undersigned beg 



 to report I be take four day 



 leave commence immediately . 



 for personal urgent reason . 



 W. Finegan , dep . chief house 



 officer , be advise concern robbery . 



 also can act with all other matter . 



 your truly , 



 T. L. Ogilvie 





 the memo say " personal urgent reason . " but what kind of personal reason be involve ? 



 Peter decide he would make an effort to learn where the chief house officer have go and why . 



 " Flora , if you can , " Peter say , " I want you to find out where he be . call the garage . I happen to be walk by the hotel last night . he drive out around one o'clock - in a Jaguar . " 



 the deputy chief house officer , Finegan , have no idea where Mr Ogilvie have go either . yes , last night there have be continuous patrol through the hotel , but no suspicious activity be observe . certainly , if Finegan hear from Mr Ogilvie , Mr McDermott would be inform at once . 



 then Flora announce on the office intercom , " Miss Marsha Preyscott on line two . " 



 he pick up the telephone . 



 " do you remember I promise you some New Orleans history ? we could start this afternoon . " 



 after a slight hesitation he say , " all right . let us see how many century we can cover between two o'clock and four . " 





 CHAPTER seven 



 it be a relief to Curtis O'Keefe to remember that this be his final day in New Orleans . he would leave for New York tonight and Italy tomorrow . the destination there , for himself and Dodo , be the Naples O'Keefe Hotel . later , of course , he would return to New Orleans , to the O'Keefe St. Gregory . 



 as the telephone rang , he expect to hear the voice of Warren Trent . instead , an operator announce that the call be long distance . 



 a moment later the nasal voice of Hank Lemnitzer come on the line . 



 " I find a deal for Dodo . Walt Curzon 's shoot a remake of you can not take it with you . yesterday I find out Walt need a girl to play the old Ann Miller role . it be a good support part . " 



 " I assume there will be a screen test . how do we know Curzon will agree to the casting ? " 



 " be you kid ? do not underrate your influence , Mr O'Keefe . Dodo be in . only thing be , we have to move fast . they need she yesterday , Mr O'Keefe . and , as you ask , Jenny LaMarsh fly to New York tonight , she will join you there tomorrow . we will switch Dodo 's Naples reservation to Jenny . " 



 O'Keefe could find no flaw in the plan . he wonder why he want to . 



 Lemnitzer say , " if you be worried about tell Dodo , why do not I do it ? " 



 " thank you . I be quite capable of handle the matter personally . " 



 Dodo return breathlessly , load with package and follow by a grinning bellboy , similarly burden . O'Keefe give the bellboy a dollar and wait until he have go . 



 " do you miss I , Curtie ? " 



 " let us sit down . I want to tell you about some change in plan . the fact be , my dear , you be be give a movie role . " 



 Dodo say slowly , " I guess it mean ... I have to go away . " 



 " unfortunately , my dear , it do . " 



 " soon ? " 



 " I be afraid - tomorrow morning . you will fly directly to Los Angeles . Hank Lemnitzer will meet you . " 



 " Curtie , it be all right . " Dodo 's eye be still upon he . despite their innocence , he have an absurd notion they have penetrate to the truth . 



 " I would hope - about the movie role - you might be more pleased . it be really a tremendous opportunity . " 



 " I guess ... " there be the slight catch in Dodo 's voice . " I guess you will go tonight . before I . " 



 " no , I will cancel my flight and leave tomorrow morning . tonight will be a special evening for we both . " 



 as Dodo look up gratefully , the telephone rang . 



 " this be Christine Francis - Mr Warren Trent 's assistant . Mr Trent wonder if it would be convenient for he to come to see you now . " 



 " yes , " he acknowledge . " I will see Mr Trent . tell he to come . " 





 CHAPTER eight 



 Warren Trent hope that for the hour or so , which remain of his proprietorship , he would be undisturbed . but Christine Francis come in quietly , as usual sense his mood , and announce , to Warren Trent 's surprise , that Mr Emile Dumaire be wait outside . a good deal of money from the Industrial Merchants Bank , of which Emile Dumaire be president , be tie up in the St. Gregory Hotel . it be also Industrial Merchants , which , month early , have refuse an extension of credit as well as a large loan for refinance . 



 " I apologize , Warren , for the abrupt intrusion without an appointment . " 



 they shake hand . the hotel proprietor wave his visitor to a chair . 



 " first , permit I to say how sorry I be that it be not feasible to accede to your loan request . unfortunately , the sum and term be far beyond our resource or establish policy . " 



 Warren Trent nod . he have little liking for the banker , though he have never make the mistake of underrate he . 



 " I be very well aware of the term of the offer for this hotel from the O'Keefe Corporation . but I be here to make a counter - offer . and it will be well than O'Keefe 's . " 



 there be ironic justice in the fact that Curtis O'Keefe who use espionage as a business tool , should be spy upon himself . 



 " just how be the term well ? " 



 " basically , the valuation , which my principal place upon this hotel , be identical with that of the O'Keefe Corporation . in other respect , however , there be several significant difference . " 



 Warren Trent be conscious of a mount interest in what the banker have to say . 



 " first , my principal have no wish that you should sever your personal connection with the St. Gregory Hotel or divorce yourself from its financial structure . second , it would be their intention to maintain the hotel 's independence and exist character . they would , however , insist on acquire a majority of the outstanding common share - a reasonable requirement in the circumstance - to provide effective management control . a further requirement would be your immediate resignation as president and managing director . " 



 " what would I become ? " 



 the banker smile . " my principal propose that immediately follow your resignation you be appoint chairman of the board , initially for a two - year term . " 



 the hotel proprietor be silent . 



 " I be far instruct to inform you that my principal will match any offer of a personal nature concern accommodation here . " 



 as the banker talk on , closely consult his note , Warren Trent have a sense of unreality . who , among the city 's business leader , be behind Emile Dumaire ? 



 CHAPTER nine 



 " be you really tell I you have sell elsewhere ? " 



 " you may also be interested to know , Mr O'Keefe , that I have not sell entirely , but have retain a substantial interest in the hotel . " 



 O'Keefe 's face flush with rage . it have be many year since anything he wish to buy have be deny he . Dodo reach out . her hand touch O'Keefe 's sleeve , " Curtie ! " 



 he wrench the arm free . " shut up ! " he add address the hotel proprietor , " I will drive this hotel down , and out of business . " 



 Dodo 's eye go appealingly to Warren Trent . Warren Trent feel his own self - control increase as O'Keefe 's diminish . " we may not see it happen , of course , because what you intend will take time . " 



 O'Keefe rage , " get out ! " 



 with a slight , courteous bow to Dodo , he go out . 



 " it be only a hotel , Curtie . you have so many other , " Dodo say . 



 " I want this one ! " 



 Dodo , frighten , have never know he in a mood so uncontrolled before . 



 " I be surround by fool ! you be a fool ! it be why I be get rid of you . replace you with someone else . " 



 he regret the word the instant they be out . Dodo 's eye be misty . 



 " I guess I know , Curtie . you do not have to tell I . " 





 CHAPTER ten 



 Keycase Milne be on the point of leave the Maison Blanche store when he see a well - dress woman drop a ring of key . upon recover they , he see a miniature auto license tag . the tag show a Louisiana license number . keycase hurry to a telephone . hold the key in front of he , Keycase read out the license number from the miniature tag . a bored clerk inform he that the car be register to one , F. R. Drummond , with an address in the Lakeview district of New Orleans . he make one more telephone call , dial the list number for F. R. Drummond . there be no answer . 



 the front door open easily to the first key he try . 



 " anybody home ? " there be no answer . 



 he find fur and put they into one of suitcase , and empty a jewelry box , add a movie camera , binocular and a portable radio . he close the case and carry it downstairs . a tape recorder , which he notice at the last moment , he carry out to the car in one hand , the large case in the other . 



 Keycase have be inside the house barely ten minute . on the way , with a gleam of humor , he put the key into a mail box . 



 the duplicate key to the Presidential Suite be ready and he pay cheerfully . 



 in the Presidential Suite the Duke of Croydon be unsteadily pour a Scotch and soda . it be now nineteen hour since the Croydons ' last contact with the chief house officer and there have be no word of a development of any kind . 



 " could not the fellow telephone ? " 



 " we agree there should be no communication , " the Duchess remind he . 



 beside the Duchess be a copy of the afternoon paper , and they have listen to hourly radio news broadcast throughout the morning . 



 her husband return morosely to his drink . " that woman ... the child . there be picture ... suppose you see . funeral today ... this afternoon ... at least could go . " 



 " you can not , and you know you will not . " 



 the silence be break by the jangle of the telephone . they hear the voice of the secretary answer . 



 a moment later the secretary knock and come in . " your Grace , it be one of the local newspaper . they say that they have have a flash bulletin , which appear to concern you . " 



 the Duchess say . " I will take the call . " her hand be tremble . 



 after the greeting a crispy voice say , " sorry , madam . I will read this to you . " parliamentary source here today name the Duke of Croydon as Britain 's next ambassador to Washington . an official announcement be expect soon . " 





 CHAPTER ELEVEN 



 " why we call be to see if your husband have a statement , then with your permission we would like to send a photographer to the hotel . " 



 " at the moment , " the Duchess inject , " my husband have no statement , nor will he have unless and until the appointment be officially confirm . the same apply to photography . " 



 after replace the telephone , at length , a slight smile hover around her lip , she say , " it be happen . Geoffrey have succeed . " 



 her husband stare incredulously . " Washington ? " 



 " later today you will be oblige to meet the press . " 



 he nod slowly . he lift his glass to sip . 



 " no ! " the Duchess rise . she remove the bottle and he hear the content of the glass be pour into the sink . return , she announce , " there will be no more . " 



 he seem about to protest , then acknowledge , " suppose ... only way . " 



 his wife be already reason aloud . " it will be necessary to revise our plan about Chicago . from now on , your movement will be the subject of close attention . if we go there together , it could arouse curiosity . I shall go alone . " 





 CHAPTER TWELVE 



 " do you discover anything about Ogilvie ? " 



 Peter McDermott 's secretary shake her head . " there be just one thing . the car Mr Ogilvie use - you say it be a Jaguar ? it belong to the Duke and Duchess of Croydon . " 



 " be you sure someone have not make a mistake ? " 



 " I wonder about that , " Flora say , " but I talk to Kulgmer , who be the garage night checker . he be on duty last night . he say Mr Ogilvie have write authority from the Duchess of Croydon to take the car . " 



 he inquire , " have the car come back ? " 



 Flora shake her head negatively . " I wonder if I should check with the Duchess of Croydon . then I think I would ask you first . " 



 " I be glad you do . " he suppose it would be simple enough to ask the Croydons if they know Ogilvie 's destination , but after his own talk with the Duchess on Monday night , Peter be reluctant to risk another misunderstanding . 



 there be another piece of unfinished business , Peter remember - Herbie Chandler . " find out if Herbie Chandler 's on duty this evening , " he instruct Flora . " tell he I would like to see he here at six o'clock or tomorrow morning . " 



 a few minute later , Peter step out into the brilliant , early afternoon sunlight of St. Charles Street . 



 " Peter ! I be here . " Marsha be wave from the driver 's seat of a white convertible . 



 " Hi ! " Marsha say when he join she in a car . impulsively , he take her hand and squeeze it . 



 " I like that , " she assure he , " even though I promise my father I would use both hand to drive . " she ease the convertible out into traffic . 



 it seem that he be constantly be drive about New Orleans by attractive woman . 



 there be an excitement in be close together , especially remember their parting kiss of the night before . 



 " what be you think about just then ? " Marsha ask . 



 " history , " he lie . " where do we start ? " 



 " the old St. Louis Cemetery . you have not be there ? " 



 Peter shake his head . 



 Marsha park the car . " in the early 1700 , when New Orleans be found by the French , the land be mostly swamp . when a grave be dig , it flood before anyone could put a coffin in . sometimes gravedigger punch hole in the wood to make the coffin sink . People use to say , if you be not really dead , you would drown . anyway , later on there be a law that all burial have to be above the ground . " 



 they begin to walk between row of uniquely construct tomb . " this be what happen after the law be pass . in New Orleans we call these place city of the dead . " 



 he point , " they be like apartment entrance . " 



 " the tomb be like apartment . they be divide into section , " Marsha explain . " the ordinary family tomb have two to six section , the big one more . each section have its own little door . when there be to be a funeral , ahead of time one of the doorway be open up . the coffin already inside be empty , and the remain from it push through a slot into the ground . the old coffin be burn and the new one put in . it be leave for a year , then the same thing happen . " 



 an elderly man in stain denim coverall regard they cheerfully . remove an ancient straw hat , he mop his bald head with a red silk handkerchief . " hot , be not it ? lot cooler in there . " he slap his hand against a tomb . 



 " I will settle for the heat , " Peter say . 



 " Hullo , Mr Collodi , " Marsha say . " this be Mr McDermott . " 



 " go to the family tomb ? " 



 Marsha nod . 



 " this way , then . " 



 they stop before a six - sectioned tomb that be paint white and in well repair than most around it . " we be an old family , " Marsha say . " it must be getting crowd down among the dust . " 



 Sunshine slant brightly on the tomb . 



 " that be the next one for opening , Miss Preyscott . your daddy'll go in there . " he touch another in a second tier . " that will be your . death come soon than we want for all of we . Waste no time , sir ! " 



 despite the heat of the day , Peter shiver . 



 Marsha 's eye be on his face . " it be simply that here we be bring up to see all this as part of we . " 



 they be on the way out , when a line of car have stop immediately outside . it be obvious that a funeral procession be about to come in . 



 " oh no ! " Marsha say . 



 Peter grip her hand tightly . 



 Marsha whisper , " it be the people who be kill in that hit - and - run . there be a mother , a little girl . " he see that she be cry . he feel his own eye moisten as the cortege move on . 



 behind the family mourner be other . to his surprise , Peter recognize Sol Natchez , the elderly room - service waiter suspend from duty after the dispute with the Duke and Duchess of Croydon on Monday night . 



 the funeral procession move far into the cemetery and out of sight . 



 unexpectedly a hand touch Peter 's arm . turn , he see it be Sol Natchez . 



 " I see you watch , Mr McDermott . do you know the family ? " 



 " no , " Peter say . " we be here by chance . " he introduce Marsha . 



 " you know the family , then ? " 



 " very well , Mr McDermott . " 



 Peter nod . there seem nothing else to say . 



 Natchez say , " I do not get to say it Tuesday , Mr McDermott , but I appreciate what you do . " 



 " I do not think you be to blame . " 



 " it be a funny thing when you think about it . all this . the accident . it must have happen just before I have that bit of trouble Monday night . just think , while you and I be talk ... " 



 " yes , " Peter say . 



 " I mean to ask , Mr McDermott - be anything more say about that business with the Duke and Duchess ? " 



 " nothing at all . " 



 " I think about it a lot after . seem almost as if they go out of their way to make a fuss . " 



 and later Peter have have the same general impression : that the Duchess want the incident remember . she speak about the walk they have have . then the Duke of Croydon have mumble something about leave his cigarette in the car ... but if the Croydons have stay in the suite , then merely walk around the block ... 



 why conceal the use of their car ? it be a funny thing ... the accident must have happen just before that trouble . 



 the Croydons ' car be a Jaguar . 



 Ogilvie . he have a sudden memory of the Jaguar emerge from the garage last night . 



 there be piece of a puzzle . and they appear to relate . the idea be impossible . and yet ... 



 as if from a distance , he hear Marsha 's voice . " Peter , you have suddenly go white . " 



 " Marsha , " Peter say , " I have to go back to the hotel . I be sorry . I will try to explain later . " 



 he leave Marsha and Natchez standing , bewilder , look after he . 



 he give the driver the address of his apartment . it would be quieter there . to think . to decide what he should do . 



 he force himself to think rationally , carefully , unexcitedly . he have review , point by point , the accumulate incident since Monday night . he have search for alternative of explanation . he find none . 



 should he tell Mr Trent ? no . whatever be to be do , he must do it alone . 



 he return to his office in the hotel , lift the telephone , wait for a line , and dial the number of the city police . 





 CHAPTER THIRTEEN 



 A mosquito , which have somehow find its way into the Jaguar 's interior , wake Ogilvie during the afternoon . a glance at his watch show that he have sleep , uninterrupted , for almost eight hour . the car be stifle . his body be ache . he be thirsty and hungry . 



 Ogilvie open a package with a thermo of coffee , several can of beer , sandwich , a salad sausage , a jar of pickle , and an apple pie . while eat , he listen to the car radio , wait for a newscast from New Orleans . when it come , there be only a brief reference to the hit - and - run investigation as there have be no new development . 



 now he have only to wait for darkness . 





 CHAPTER fourteen 



 shortly after five p.m. , Keycase Milne cautiously approach the Presidential Suite . 



 he listen , but here be no sound . he glance both way down the corridor then , with a single movement , produce the key and try it in the lock . it turn . Keycase open one of the double door an inch . 



 there be still no sound from inside . he close the door carefully and remove the key , which be ready for use whenever he choose . 



 he would enter the suite tonight . 





 CHAPTER fifteen 



 Captain Yolles of the Detective Bureau , New Orleans Police , look less like a policeman than anyone Peter have ever see . he continue to listen politely , as a bank manager might consider an application for a loan , to Peter 's recital of fact . only once during the lengthy discourse have the detective interrupt , to inquire if he could make a telephone call , but he speak in a voice so low that Peter hear nothing of what be say . 



 as there be no response , Peter conclude , " I be not sure all this make sense . in fact , I be already begin to feel a little foolish . " 



 " if there be more people like you , Mr McDermott , it would make police work a lot easy . meanwhile , there be a couple of detail I would like to have . one be the license number of the car . and the other thing be a physical description of your man Ogilvie . I know he , but I would like to have it from you . " 



 as Peter conclude the description , the telephone rang . Peter push the phone across . " for you . " 



 now Peter could hear the conversation . " I would say he be very dependable . worry too . " the detective repeat the information concern the car number and Ogilvie 's description , then hang up . 



 Peter say , " you be right about be worried . do you intend to contact the Duke and Duchess of Croydon ? " 



 " we would like a little more to go on . " the detective regard Peter thoughtfully . " have you see tonight 's paper ? the " States - Item " publish it that the Duke of Croydon be to be british ambassador to Washington . " 



 Peter whistle softly . " do not that mean there would be some kind of diplomatic immunity ? " 



 the detective shake his head . " not for something that be already happen . but a false accusation ... " 



 " would be serious in any case , especially so in this one . " 



 " I will let you in on a couple of thing , " Captain Yolles say . " chance be , your man drive last night - after you see he and hole up somewhere for the day . tonight , if he show , we be ready . " 



 Captain Yolles rise to go , and Peter walk with he to the outer office . 



 Peter be surprised to find Herbie Chandler wait , then remember his own instruction for the bell captain to report here this evening or tomorrow . he invite the bell captain in , where he take out a folder contain the statement make yesterday by Dixon , Dumaire , and the other two youth and hand they to Chandler . 



 as Chandler turn the page , his lip tighten . a moment later he mutter , " Bastards ! " 



 " you mean because they have identify you as a pimp ? " 



 " what be you go to do ? " 



 " what I would like to do be go to Mr Trent and fire you on the spot . " 



 " Mr Mac , could not you just keep this between you and I ? " 



 " no . " 



 Chandler hesitate , then unfasten the button of a tunic pocket . reach inside he remove a fold envelope , which he place on the desk . the envelope be unseal and contain five one - hundred - dollar bill . 



 " I be curious to know how high you think my price come . " Peter toss the money back . " take it and get out . " 



 " Mr Mac , if it be a question of a little more ... " 



 " get out ! " Peter 's voice be low . 



 as he retrieve the money and leave , Herbie Chandler 's face be a mask of hatred . 



 on his desk be a print form , which Flora have leave , with a late - afternoon house count . Peter study the figure . tonight , it seem , there be a certainty of another full house . 



 Peter skim through his mail , decide that there be nothing , which could not be leave until tomorrow . beneath it be a folder with the propose master catering plan , which the sous - chef , Andre Lemieux , have give he yesterday . Peter have begin study the plan this morning . he decide he would continue now . a fresh and clearly competent brain have think over present trouble in food management and come up with solution . 



 Peter leave a message that he be come down to the kitchen now . Andre Lemieux be wait at the doorway from the main dining room . 



 " come in , monsieur ! you be welcome . " 



 in contrast to the comparative quietness of yesterday afternoon , the atmosphere now , in early evening , be pandemonic . there be twice as many people , and their rush be accompany by the clatter of plate , the invite odor of food and the sweet , fresh fragrance of brewing coffee . 



 " I have read your report . " Peter return the folder to the sous - chef , then follow he into the glass - panel office where the noise be mute . " I like your idea . I would argue a few point , but not many . " 



 " it would be good to argue if , at the end , the action be to follow . " then he add , " Monsieur , I be about to visit the convention floor . would you care to accompany I ? " 



 " thank you . I will come . " 



 they ride a service elevator two floor up , step out into what be a duplicate of the main kitchen below . from here some two thousand meal could be serve at a single sitting to the St. Gregory 's three convention hall and dozen private dining room . 



 " as you know , monsieur , we have two big banquet tonight . in the Grand Ballroom and the Bienville hall . " 



 " yes , the Dentists ' Congress and Gold Crown Cola . " he observe that the dentist ' main course be roast turkey . team of cook and helper be serve it , apportion vegetable with machine - like rhythm and load the whole onto waiter ' tray . 



 now the conundrum be how many convention meal to prepare at any time . convention organizer give the hotel a minimum guarantee , but in practice the figure could vary a hundred or two either way . 



 " what be the original estimate ? " 



 " for the dentist , five hundred . we be close to that and we have begin serve . but they still seem to be come in . " 



 " if we have to , can we produce extra food ? " 



 " when I have the word of requirement , monsieur , then we will do our good . " 



 a waiter return with his report , " it look like an additional hundred and seventy people . they be flood in ! we be already set up more table . " 



 Peter turn to Andre Lemieux , only to discover that the young Frenchman be no long there . he be already among his staff , issue order : use the reserve ! speed up ! More vegetable ! 



 steal some from the second banquet ! alert the pastry chef ! one hundred and seventy more dessert require in minute ... 



 already , waiter be be reassign , some smoothly withdraw from the small banquet of Gold Crown Cola . a meal each second ... - fast still ! in front of the serve counter , a line of waiter , become long . 



 amid the urgency , a moment of incongruity . " Chef , there be a gentleman say he do not like turkey . may he have rare roast beef ? " 



 a shout of laughter go up from the sweat cook . 



 but the request have observe protocol correctly , only the senior chef could authorize any deviation from a standard menu . 



 a grinning Andre Lemieux say , " he may have it , but serve he last at his table . " 



 the line of waiter at the serve counter be shortening . to most guest in the Grand Ballroom the main course have be serve . 



 the dessert be bombe aux marron . now , waiter be line up before the service door . two cook stand by with light candle . 



 as Andre Lemieux nod , the head waiter 's arm sweep down . 



 the cook run down the line of tray , ignite they . the double service door be open . outside an electrician dim the light . the music of an orchestra stop . a hum of conversation among guest die . 



 there be a second 's silence , then a fanfare of trumpet follow by the orchestra and organ , and the procession of waiter , with flame tray , march out . 



 Peter McDermott move into the Grand Ballroom for a well view . Andre Lemieux have come to stand beside Peter . " that be all for tonight , monsieur . " 



 Peter smile . " it be a good show . congratulation ! " 



 as he turn away , the sous - chef call after he , " good night , monsieur . and do not forget . " 



 puzzle , Peter stop . " forget what ? " 



 " about the hotel , monsieur , that you and I could make . " 



 Peter be on his way when he remember he have not see D. Ingram . Peter call the chief cashier . " have Dr. Ingram of Philadelphia check out ? " 



 " yes , Mr McDermott , just a minute ago . I can see he in the lobby now . " 



 " send someone to ask if he could please wait . " 



 Dr. Ingram be stand , suitcase beside he , a raincoat over his arm , when Peter arrive . 



 " I hear about your resignation . I come to say I be sorry . " 



 " I guess they will do without I . " from the Grand Ballroom two floor above , there be the sound of applause and cheering . " it sound as if they have already . " 



 " do you mind very much ? " 



 the little doctor shift his foot , look down , then growl , " if I be honest , McDermott - and God know why I be tell you this - it be eat my heart out , not be up there tonight . " he pause , look up , as the sound from the ballroom be audible once more . " once in a while , though , you have to weigh what you want against what you believe in , even though some of your friend may think you be a fool . " 



 " it be not idiotic to stand up for a principle . " 



 " you do not do it , McDermott , when you have the chance . " 



 " I be afraid that be true . " 



 " I will tell you something , son . sometimes you get a second chance . if it happen to you - take it . " 





 CHAPTER SIXTEEN 



 at Columbus , Mississippi , Ogilvie stop for gas . he be careful to choose a small store on the outskirt of town . he pay cash for the gas and a half - dozen chocolate bar , then drive on . 



 Traffic be averagely light and the Jaguar perform superbly . drive condition be ideal . there be no sign of police activity of any kind . Ogilvie be relax . 



 gradually traffic grow heavy . a few mile far on , Ogilvie could see that the scene bear the familiar pattern of a highway accident . then , abruptly , round a curve , he see the real reason for the delay . two line of Tennessee Highway Patrol car . at the same instant , the car , which have be follow , switch on a police beacon of its own . 



 Ogilvie stop the car and raise his hand above his head . 



 " keep your hand where they be , " a sergeant order , open his door , " and come out slowly . you be under arrest . " 





 CHAPTER SEVENTEEN 



 Christine Francis muse aloud , " there ! - you be do it again . both time , when the coffee be pour , you have hold your hand around the cup . as if it give you a kind of comfort . " 



 " you notice more thing than most people . " 



 they be in the St. Gregory 's main dining room . since their arrival more than an hour ago , most of the other diner have leave . Max , the head waiter , come discreetly to their table . 



 " will there be anything else , sir ? " 



 Albert Wells glance at Christine who shake her head . 



 " I reckon not . when you would like to , you can bring the bill . " 



 " certainly , sir . " Max nod to Christine , his eye assure she that he have not forget their arrangement of this morning . 



 when the head waiter have go , the little man say , " about the coffee . be a prospector in the north , you never waste anything if you want to stay alive , not even the beat from a cup you be hold . it be wise to remind yourself of some thing once in a while . " 



 " because they be good time , or because life be well now ? " 



 " some of both . " 



 " I do not know about your be a prospector . when you be prospect , what be it for ? " 



 " Uranium , cobalt . mostly gold . " 



 " do you find any ? gold , I mean . " 



 he nod affirmatively . " mostly , though , the country be too tough to mine and take it out . " 



 " you say that mostly it be too difficult to mine the gold . it be not always ? " 



 " not always . some be lucky ' n other . but the Shield and the Barren Lands do strange thing to people . some you think would be strong - and not just in body either - they turn out to be the weak one . one time I remember ... " he stop as the head waiter place a salver on the table with their bill . he turn over the bill , inspect it . he glance across the room at the head waiter , then back toward Christine . abruptly , he take out a pencil and sign the bill . 



 " in ' 36 I be prospect near the shore of Great Slave Lake . have a partner then , Hymie Eckstein from Ohio . on the Shield you lose all track of time , we be there for a month or two . then one day the two of we sit down to roll our cigarette . I take a piece or two of rock from the place . later I pan the rock . it show good coarse gold . 



 " we rush back to the place and cover it with moss . two day later , we find the ground have already be stake . a Toronto prospector have be out the year before , then go back east , not know what he have . under Territories law , his rights'd run out a year from record . the next three month be the long any two man live . maybe the hard . we exist . on fish , some bit of plant . 



 " finally it get to the last day of September . we have our stake ready . we rush in at midnight . the next clear thing I know be be in a hospital in Edmonton , near a thousand mile from where we stake . I find out after , Hymie get I out from the Shield , though I never figure how he do it . and some pilot fly I south . they think I have die . " he stop to drink from the coffee cup . 



 " be not the claim legal ? " 



 " the trouble be Hymie . each of we - on paper - turn over his half of the claim to the other , in case one of we do not come through . Hymie say it would save a lot of legal mess . " 



 Christine prompt , " so while you be in the hospital ... " 



 " Hymie'd take both paper and register his . " 



 Albert Wells stop and wave a greeting across the dining room . 



 Christine look up to see Peter McDermott approach their table . 



 hope there would be an opportunity to talk privately with Peter afterward , Christine say , " Mr Wells have be tell I a wonderful story . I must hear the end . " 



 Peter sip his coffee , which the waiter have bring . 



 the little man smile , " there be not a whole lot more . I go north and find Hymie in Yellowknife . when I have quiet down my curse , Hymie tell I to come with he . we go to a lawyer and there be paper , ready draw , hand I back my half share . " 



 Bewildered , Christine shake her head . " I do not understand . why do he ... " 



 " Hymie have always intend to hand my share back . only thing be , he have never let I know . right from the beginning , though , he would fix thing up legally . if he have die , I would have get his share as well as mine . we have the same arrangement - about that one mine - till the day Hymie die , which be five year ago . when you believe in somebody , do not be in a rush to change your mind . " 



 Peter McDermott say , " and the mine ? " 



 " it still go on - one of the good producer in the north . now and then I go back to take a look . " 



 Speechless , Christine stare at the little man . " you ... you ... own a gold mine . " 



 Albert Wells nod cheerfully . " there be a few other thing now , besides . a couple of newspaper , some ship , an insurance company , building , other bit and piece . I buy a food chain last year . I like new thing . in fact , there be something I be go to tell you tomorrow , but I may as well do it now . I have just buy this hotel . " 





 CHAPTER EIGHTEEN 



 Captain Yolles close the office door . " Mr McDermott , Ogilvie have be arrest . " there be a pause , then Yolles say , " he claim he know nothing about the car be involve in an accident . he say that the Duke and Duchess of Croydon pay he two hundred dollar to drive it north . he have that amount of money on he . " 



 " do you believe that ? " 



 " we will know well after we have do some questioning tomorrow . we intend to pay a call on the Duke and Duchess of Croydon . if you do not mind , we would like you along . " 



 " I suppose ... if you think it necessary . " 



 " there be one other thing , Mr McDermott , " the second detective say . " do you suppose anyone keep the Duchess 's write permission for their car to be take from the hotel garage ? " 



 Kulgmer , the garage night checker , apologize again . " I must have throw it out yesterday with the paper from my sandwich . " 



 Peter McDermott ask , " what do the note from the Duchess of Croydon say ? " 



 " just that Mr O. have permission to take away the car . " 



 " be the note write on hotel stationery ? " 



 " yes , Mr McDermott , I do remember that . the paper be emboss and have ' Presidential Suite ' at the top . I be sorry again . I must have throw the note in a garbage can . " Kulgmer lead the way to a garbage can around two in the morning . but this be empty every day . 



 " what happen to the garbage when it leave here ? " ask the detective . 



 " it go to our central incinerator . " 



 when they go up to the ninth floor , to Peter 's surprise , the door of the Presidential Suite be open . as they approach , a buzz of voice could be hear . there be a group of man and woman , the Duke and Duchess of Croydon among they . Most of the visitor be hold drink . 



 the Croydons ' male secretary appear in the hallway . " good evening , " Peter say . " these two gentleman would like to see the Duke and Duchess . " 



 " be they from the press ? " 



 Captain Yolles shake his head . the Duchess of Croydon detach herself from the group in the living room and come toward they . the secretary point , " these gentleman be not from the press . " her eye go to Peter with a glance of recognition , then to the other two . 



 Captain Yolles say , " we be police officer , madam . " 



 the secretary close the living - room door . 



 " there be some question , madam , that we would like to ask you and your husband . we will do our good to be as brief as possible . " 



 " I will inquire if my husband will see you . " the duchess re - enter , follow by the Duke . 



 Captain Yolles start his interrogation . " I wonder if you would mind tell I when you last use your car . it be a Jaguar , I believe . " he repeat the registration number . 



 " it be Monday morning . it be be in the hotel garage since then . it be there now . " 



 " please think carefully . do you use the car on Monday evening ? " 



 " I be not accustomed to have my word doubt . " 



 " be either of you acquaint with Theodore Ogilvie ? " 



 " he come here . I be not sure when . there be some query about a piece of jewelry , which have be find . " 



 " and you , sir ? " Yolles address the Duke directly . " do you know Theodore Ogilvie ? " 



 the Duke of Croydon hesitate . " only as my wife have describe . " 



 " would it , then , surprise you to know that your car be at present in the State of Tennessee , where it be drive by Theodore Ogilvie , who be now under arrest ? furthermore , that Ogilvie have make a statement to the effect that he be pay by you to drive the car from New Orleans to Chicago . and , still far , that preliminary investigation indicate , your car be involve in a hit - and - run fatality , in this city , last Monday night . " 



 " if Ogilvie drive our car so , it be without the authority or knowledge either of my husband or myself . furthermore , if the car be involve in an accident on Monday night , it seem perfectly obvious that the same man take the car and use it for his own purpose on that occasion . " 



 Peter protest , " but you write an authorization . it specify that Ogilvie could take the car . " 



 visibly , she pale . 



 " show it to I ! " 



 Peter say , " unfortunately ... " 



 he catch a gleam of mock triumph in her eye . 





 CHAPTER nineteen 



 as the outside door of the Presidential Suite close behind the last to leave , the Duke of Croydon cry , " you could not possibly get away with ... " 



 " be quiet ! " the Duchess of Croydon glance around the now silent living room . " we will go outside . where no one can overhear . " 



 only when they be outside , she murmur , " now ! " 



 " I tell you it be madness ! can you imagine what it will be like now , when the truth finally come out ? " 



 " if it do . " the Duchess 's voice be low . " however distasteful , there be certain fact that I must know about Monday night . the woman you be with at Irish Bayou . do you drive she there ? " 



 the Duke flush . " no . she go in a taxi . " 



 " then you could have come in a taxi yourself . be there any witness to the fact that you be drive the car on Monday night ? " 



 " there be the hotel garage . when we come in , someone could have see we . " 



 " no ! we see no one . no one see we . and on Monday morning we leave it on an outside parking lot . " 



 " that be right , " the Duke say . " I get it from there at night . " 



 " we shall say we have not see the car since midday Monday . " 



 " and another man will go to prison instead of I . " 



 " no ! the police can not possibly prove he be drive the car at the time of the accident , any more than they can prove it be you . " 



 he look at she with admiration , " there be time when you be absolutely incredible . by the way , where be the other fifteen thousand ? " 



 " still in the small suitcase which be lock and in my bedroom . we will take it with we when we go . " 



 " it be all diabolical . but it might , it just might work . " 





 CHAPTER twenty 



 " that woman be lie , " Captain Yolles say . " but it will be hard to prove , if we ever do . " 



 " her husband might break , " the second detective suggest . 



 " she be too smart to let it happen . " 



 Peter inject , " be not it enough for the night checker - and Ogilvie , I suppose - to swear that the note exist ? " 



 " she would claim that Ogilvie write it himself . " 



 " there be one possibility , " Peter say . " we do have a man . he be in charge of the incinerator . a lot of the garbage he sort by hand . it would be a long shot and it be probably too late ... " 



 " for Christ 's sake ! " Yolles snap . " let us get to he . " 



 while they be wait for the elevator , the second detective , Bennett , say , " I hear you have have some other trouble this week . " 



 " there be a robbery early yesterday . with all this , I would almost forget . " 



 " today a funny thing happen . there be a break - in in a private home . a key job . it have all the sign of your robbery here , include the kind of stuff take , and no print . he have not be arrest , but a neighbor see a car . it have license plate that be green and white . five state use plate with those color - Michigan , Idaho , Nebraska , Vermont , Washington - and Saskatchewan in Canada . for the next day or two , all our boy will be watch for car from those place . " 



 a moment later the elevator arrive . 



 the sweat - shine face of Booker T. Graham beam with pleasure at the sight of Peter McDermott . Captain Yolles wrinkle his nose at the overpower odor of garbage , magnify by intense heat . 



 Peter McDermott talk with the big Negro himself . McDermott have bring a sheet of the special Presidential Suite stationery and hold it up for inspection . 



 the Negro nod and take the sheet , retain it , but his expression be doubtful . he gesture to the dozen of overflow bin crowd around they . 



 " about a third of what come in have already be burn and whether what we want be in there or not , we have no mean of know . as for the rest , Graham will keep an eye open for a paper of the kind I have give he . but before the garbage get here , it be compress and a lot of it be wet , " report Peter McDermott . 



 Yolles sigh , " I suppose it be the good we can do . " 





 CHAPTER TWENTY - ONE 



 Keycase be face with the choice between wait another day and abandon the attempt to reach the Duchess 's jewel when the Duke and Duchess of Croydon emerge , precede by the Bedlington terrier . obviously the Duke and Duchess would not be away for long . but whatever the risk of an encounter , it have to be take . walk quietly , he approach the Presidential Suite . 



 the lock make no noise . nor do the door . there be no one in sight . the light in the suite be turn on . 



 Keycase slip on glove . he move warily , yet waste no time . in the bedroom , as elsewhere , light be on . there be no mistaking which room be the Duchess 's . 



 there be a number of item , which , with more time and in other circumstance , he would have take with he . but now he be seek a major prize and discard all else . 



 in the third drawer , on top , be negligee . beneath they be a box of hand - tool leather . it be lock . Keycase work with a knife and screw - driver to break the lock . at length the lock give , the lid fly back . Beneath be two tier of jewel : ring , brooch , necklet , clip , tiara . with both hand he reach out to seize the spoil . at the same instant , a key turn in the lock of the outer door . 



 Keycase slam down the jewelbox lid and slide the drawer close . he fly to the door . a hotel maid be enter . she have towel on her arm and be head for the Duchess 's bedroom . 



 Keycase yank a lamp . now he need something in his hand to indicate activity . anything ! 



 against the wall be a small case . he seize it . 



 " oh ! " the maid 's hand go over her heart as she see Keycase . 



 he frown . " you should have come here early . " 



 " I be sorry , sir . I see there be people in . " 



 " it do not matter now . there be a lamp that need fix . " he gesture into the bedroom . " the Duchess want it work tonight . " he keep his voice low , remember the secretary . 



 Keycase go out . 



 in the corridor he try not to think . in his own room he bury his face in a pillow in despair . 



 it be more than an hour before he bother force the lock of the case he have bring with he . inside he find used bill , all of small denomination . 



 with tremble hand , he count fifteen thousand dollar . 





 CHAPTER TWENTY - TWO 



 Peter McDermott be call out by the night manager in the lobby . " Mr McDermott , here be a note from Miss Francis . " 



 it read simply : 



 I have go home . come if you can . 



 - Christine . 



 he would go , he decide . nothing else to do tonight at the hotel . or be there ? abruptly , Peter remember he have promise to telephone Marsha , but he have forget until now . it seem like day , but he suppose he should call she , late as it be . 



 Marsha answer on the first ring . 



 " oh , Peter , " she say , " I wait and wait , then call twice and leave my name . " 



 " I be genuinely sorry , and I can not explain , at least not yet . " 



 " tell I tomorrow . at breakfast , " Marsha say . " you will love a New Orleans breakfast . they be famous . and Anna 's be special . " 



 it be impossible not to be charm by Marsha 's enthusiasm . and he feel sorry for this afternoon . 



 they agree on 7:30 a.m. 



 a few minute later he be in a taxi on his way to Christine 's apartment . 



 Christine be wait with the apartment door open . " not a word , " she say , " until after the second drink . " 



 she have mixed daiquiris , which be chill in the refrigerator . 



 they talk continuously for almost two hour , all the time their closeness grow . at the end , they conclude that tomorrow would be an interesting day . 



 " I know I will not sleep now . " Christine say . 



 " I could not either , " Peter say . " but not for the reason you mean . " 



 he have no doubt . he take she in his arm and kiss she . 



 later , it seem the most natural thing in the world that they should make love . 





 FRIDAY 



 CHAPTER one 



 there have be no message during the night concern anything find in the incinerator . the night manager report that he have speak with the incinerator employee , Graham , who be sorry , but the paper Mr McDermott want have not turn up . 



 between sip of coffee , and while dress , Peter think constantly about Christine and his own future , if any , at the St. Gregory Hotel . 



 whatever might be ahead , he wish Christine to be a part of it . it might be unromantic , Peter reflect , to say that he be comfortable with Christine . but it be true and , in a sense , reassure . 



 as to the hotel , it be hard to believe , even now , that Albert Wells have assume control of the St. Gregory , or would today . it seem possible that Peter 's own position might be strengthen by the unexpected development . but Peter decide not to worry about event until they happen . 



 clock be chime seven - thirty as Peter McDermott arrive , by taxi , at the Preyscott mansion . 



 " good morning ! " Marsha smile . they exchange a few phrase , but Peter 's thought keep drift away . 



 as they sit down , Ben place a Creole cream cheese Evangeline , garland with fruit , in front of they . 



 " early on , " Marsha say , " you say something about the hotel . " 



 " oh , yes . " between mouthful of cheese and fruit , he explain about Albert Wells . the call have be from Warren Trent . it inform Peter that Mr Dempster of Montreal , financial representative of the St. Gregory 's new owner , be en route to New Orleans . surprisingly , Warren Trent have sound not in the least depressed . 



 Peter also know that Curtis O'Keefe and his companion Miss Lash be due to leave the St. Gregory later this morning , in different direction though . 



 " you be think about a lot of thing , " Marsha say . " I wish you would tell I some . " 



 Peter smile . he tell she the kind of day that he expect it to be . 



 as they talk , the remain of the cheese Evangeline be remove , to be replace by steam , aromatic egg Sardou . Peter catch sight of the housekeeper , Anna , hover in the background . he call out " Magnificent ! " and see her smile . 



 More plate arrive , and Peter point , " you have make this breakfast an occasion . this and a good deal more . meet you , my history lesson , be with you here . I will not forget it - ever . " 



 " it sound as if you be say goodbye . " 



 " I be , Marsha . " he meet her eye steadily , then smile . 



 " I think ... " 



 he reach out across the table , his hand cover Marsha 's . " perhaps we be both daydream . I think we be . but it be quite the nice daydream I ever have . " 



 perhaps , at this moment , he be make a mistake , which year from now he would remember with regret . he sense that Marsha be close to tear . 



 " excuse I . " she stand up and walk from the gallery . 



 Peter wish he could have speak more gently . after a few minute , Anna appear . " I do not believe Miss Marsha'll be back . " 



 he ask , " how be she ? " 



 " she be cry in her room . " Anna shrug . " it be a way she have when she do not get all she want . when she be past the most of it , I will do the good I can . if only her father be at home more ... " 



 " you be very understanding . " Peter remember what Marsha have tell he about Anna . " I hear about your husband . he must have be a fine man . " 



 " my husband ! " the housekeeper cackle . " I have no husband . my goodness ! Miss Marsha 's be take you in with all her story . a lot of the time she be just act , which be why you do not need to worry now . " 



 Peter wonder if he would ever be wise about woman . he rather doubt it . 





 CHAPTER two 



 now , today , number four elevator be start and stop jerkily at every floor . it be a little before ten a.m. , when on Cy Lewin 's late trip he notice that the jerkiness have stop . well , whatever that trouble be , he guess it have fix itself . 



 he could not have be more wrong . 



 High above Cy Lewin be the elevator control room . there , in the mechanical heart of number four elevator , a small electrical relay have reach the limit of its useful life . 



 a maintenance crew have try to trace the trouble , but have not succeed . they could hardly be blame . there be more than sixty relay to a single elevator , and twenty elevator in the entire hotel . nor have anyone observe that two safety device on the elevator car be partially defective . 



 at ten past ten on Friday morning , number four elevator be - in fact , and figuratively - hang by a thread . 





 CHAPTER THREE 



 Mr Dempster of Montreal check in at half - past ten . Peter McDermott , notify of his arrival , go down to the lobby to extend official greeting . 



 the financial representative of Albert Wells respond to a comment of Peter 's about the speed of event be breathtake with the remark , " Mr Wells frequently have that effect . " 



 twenty minute later Mr Dempster reappear in Peter 's office . he have visit Mr Wells and speak on the telephone with Mr Trent . meanwhile , there be a few people whom Mr Dempster wish to discuss the matter with , and Mr Trent have invite he to make use of the executive suite . 



 Peter escort he to Warren Trent 's office and introduce Christine . for the first time since his arrival , the man from Montreal smile . " oh yes , Miss Francis . Mr Wells mention you . in fact , he speak of you quite warmly . " 



 " I be a little embarrassed , " Christine say , " about something which happen last night . " 



 " if you be refer to the incident with the restaurant bill , Miss Francis , it be unnecessary that you should be . Mr Wells tell I - and I quote his own word - that it be one of the sweetest , kind thing that have ever be do for he . " 



 there be a knock at the outer office door , which open to reveal the credit manager , Sam Jakubiec . " excuse I , " he say when he see the group inside , and turn to go . Peter call he back . 



 " I come to check a rumor about Mr Wells , " Jakubiec say . 



 " it be not rumor , " Peter say . " it be fact . " he introduce the credit man to Mr Dempster . 



 " my God ! - I check his credit . I doubt his check . I even phone Montreal . " 



 for the second time Mr Dempster smile . " at the bank they be vastly amuse . " 



 the next to arrive be Royall Edwards . the comptroller be arm with paper and a bulge brief case . shake hand , Mr Dempster inform the comptroller , " we will have a brief talk in a moment , and I would like you to remain for our eleven - thirty meeting . by the way - you too , Miss Francis . " 



 " as we have time , I might explain some matter concern Mr Wells . " Mr Dempster remove his glass , breathe on the lense and polish they . " despite Mr Wells ' considerable wealth , he have remain a man of very simple taste . for himself he prefer modest thing , even in such matter as clothing , travel , and accommodation . " 



 Royall Edwards seem amuse . " it be like something from the Brothers Grimm ! " 



 " perhaps . but do not ever believe that Mr Wells live in a fairy tale world . I have know Mr Wells a good many year . in that time I have come to respect his instinct both about business and people . " 



 " I suppose , " Royall Edwards say , " we can expect a good many change around here . " 



 " the first change will be that I shall become president of the hotel company , an office I hold in most of Mr Wells ' corporation . he have never care to assume title himself . " 



 Christine say , " so we will be see a good deal of you . " 



 " actually very little , Miss Francis . I will be a figurehead , no more . the executive vice - president will have complete authority . that be Mr Wells ' policy , and also mine . " 



 so , Peter 's future would depend on the executive vice - president , whoever that might be . 



 he suddenly discover he want to remain at the St. Gregory very much indeed . Christine , of course , be one reason . another be that the St. Gregory , with continued independence under new management , promise to be exciting . 



 " Mr Dempster , " Peter say , " if it be not a great secret , who will the executive vice - president be ? " 



 the man from Montreal look at Peter strangely . 



 " excuse I , I think you know . that be you . " 





 CHAPTER FOUR 



 throughout last night Booker T. Graham have labor alone in the incinerator . it be time for he to quit and go home . the hotel object to pay overtime . and yet , more than anything else , Booker T. want to stay and find the paper he have be look for the whole night for Mr McDermott . so , he decide he would go on search . 



 he work slowly , painstakingly . by mid - morning he be very tired and down to the last container but one . 



 he see it almost at once when he empty the bin - a ball of wax paper , which look like sandwich wrapping . when he open they , inside be a crumpled sheet of stationery , match the sample Mr McDermott have leave . 



 without wait to dispose of the remain garbage , Booker T. head to McDermott 's office . 





 CHAPTER five 



 while the member of the eleven - thirty meeting be gather in Warren Trent 's office , Peter still could not recover from the shock administer by the man from Montreal . 



 executive vice - president . to run the St. Gregory with absolute control be like fulfillment of a vision . Peter know that the St. Gregory could become a fine hotel . 



 when he have learn of the purchase of the hotel by Albert Wells , and its continued independence , Peter hope that the new proprietor would have the insight to make progressive change . now , he be to be give the opportunity himself . the prospect be exhilarate . and a little frightening . 



 Peter 's thought race on . still stun , he join the other now take their place at a long board table near the center of the room . 



 Albert Wells be last to arrive . he come in shyly , escort by Christine . 



 as he do , those already in the room rise to their foot . the little man wave they down . " no , no ! please ! " 



 Warren Trent step forward , smile . " Mr Wells , I welcome you to my house . " they shake hand . " when it become your house , it will be my heartfelt wish that these old wall will bring to you as great a happiness and satisfaction as , at time , they have to I . " 



 Warren Trent take his arm and personally perform the introduction . 



 the term of sale have already be substantially agree . the purpose of the meeting be to decide upon procedure , include a date for takeover . there appear to be no difficulty . the mortgage on the hotel , due to be foreclose today , have be pay already . 



 then Peter McDermott and Royall Edwards answer question , as they arise , affect administration and finance . on two occasion Christine leave the meeting and return , bring document from the hotel file . 



 within less than half an hour , the principal business bad be dispose of . the official transfer date be set for Tuesday . other minor detail be leave for the lawyer to arrange between they . 



 Mr Dempster speak again address Warren Trent , " now our first business will be to propose your election , Mr Trent , as chairman of the board . " 



 " I shall be honor to accept . " 



 " it be Mr Wells ' further wish that I should assume the presidency with Mr Peter McDermott as executive vice - president . " 



 a chorus of congratulation be direct at Peter from around the table . 



 Christine be smile . with the other , Warren Trent shake Peter 's hand . 



 Mr Dempster wait until the conversation die . " there remain one further point . this week I be in New York when the unfortunate publicity occur concern this hotel . I would like an assurance that there will be no repetition . I be not suggest that there be any basic change in hotel policy . my opinion , as a businessman , be that local viewpoint and custom must be respect . what I be concern with be that , if such a situation arise , it should not produce a similar result . " 



 Peter answer , " it be true . a delegate to a convention in this hotel , with a confirm reservation , be refuse accommodation . he be a dentist - a distinguished one - and incidentally a Negro . I regret to say that I be the one who turn he away . I have since make a personal decision that the same thing will never happen again . " 



 " gentleman . " Mr Dempster replace his glass . " I make it clear , I think , that I be not suggest any fundamental change . " 



 " but I be , Mr Dempster . " if there be to be a showdown , Peter think , well to have it now , and do with . either he would run the hotel or not . 



 the man from Montreal lean forward . " let I be sure I understand your position . " 



 " my position be quite simple . I would insist on complete desegregation of the hotel as a condition of my employment . Hasty or not , I think it be fair to let you know where I stand . " 



 Christine , Peter observe , have her eye intently on his face . he wonder what she be think . 



 Mr Dempster address the room at large . " I imagine we all respect a firmly hold conviction . but this be a serious change . if Mr McDermott agree , we can postpone a firm decision now . in a month or two , the subject can be reconsider . " 



 it be not the good time . to wait , perhaps , would be the wise choice . but then , the time for drastic change be never right . there be always reason for not do thing . 



 " Mr Dempster , " Peter say , " the law on civil right be perfectly clear . " 



 Warren Trent snort . " I warn you ! you will run this hotel into the ground . " 



 " Mr McDermott , in view of your attitude , we may have to reconsider ... " for the first time , the man from Montreal seem uncertain . he glance at Albert Wells . 



 the little man 's eye meet Mr Dempster 's . 



 " Charlie , " Albert Wells say , " I reckon we should let the young fellow do it his way . " he nod toward Peter . 



 Mr Dempster announce , " Mr McDermott , your condition be meet . " 



 the meeting be break up . Christine go to the door first . a moment later she return , say that his secretary be wait in the outer office . at the doorway , she slip a fold piece of paper into Peter 's hand , whispering , " read it later . " 



 " Mr McDermott , " Flora say , " I would not have disturb you ... but there be a man in your office . he say he work in the incinerator and have something important that you want . he will not give it to I or away . " 



 " I will come as quickly as I can . " 



 " please hurry ! the fact be ... well , he smell . " 





 CHAPTER six 



 a few minute before midday , a slow - move maintenance worker name Billyboi Noble lower himself into a shallow pit beneath the shaft of number four elevator . his business there be routine cleaning and inspection , which he have already perform this morning on elevator number one , two , and three . it be a procedure , for which it be not consider necessary to stop the elevator and , as Billyboi work , he could see the car of number four alternately climb and descend high above . 





 CHAPTER SEVEN 



 if Booker T. have be a different kind of man , if he have go home at the appoint time , if he have be less diligent in search , then the single sheet of paper , now stare up at Peter from his desk , would have be destroy . 



 the " if " be endless . whatever the cause , the result be here . 



 the note be date two day early and have be write by the Duchess of Croydon on Presidential Suite stationery . Peter have already check the handwriting . 



 now Peter 's duty be to inform Captain Yolles at once that the miss piece of evidence have be recover . 



 with his hand on the telephone , Peter hesitate . 



 he feel no sympathy for the Croydons . 



 the reason be simply a tradition that be century old , the credo of an innkeeper of politeness to a guest . 



 whatever else the Duke and Duchess of Croydon might be , they be guest of the hotel . 



 he would call the police . but he would call the Croydons first . 





 CHAPTER eight 



 after his angry outburst then , Curtis O'Keefe have be immediately and genuinely sorry . but his tirade against Dodo have be inexcusable , and he know it . 



 bad , it be impossible to repair . despite his apology , the truth remain . 



 Curtis O'Keefe attribute his feeling to the loss of the hotel . in his long career he have experience his share of business disappointment . but on this occasion , even after a night 's sleep , the mood persist . 



 it make he irritable with God . there be an undertone of criticism in his morning prayer . 



 afterward he find Dodo pack his bag as well as her own . when he protest , she assure he , " Curtie , I like do it . and if I do not , who would ? " 



 at breakfast Dodo try to be cheerful . " Gee , Curtie , we do not have to be miserable . it be not like we will never see each other . we can meet in L.A. lot of time . " 



 but O'Keefe know that they would not . 



 the moment slip by . it be time for Dodo to leave . O'Keefe check his watch and walk to the connect doorway . " you have very little time , my dear . " 



 Dodo 's voice float out . " I have to finish my nail , Curtie . " 



 when , at last , Dodo walk out from the adjoining room , Curtis O'Keefe think there should be music . the ash - blond hair be loose about her shoulder . her wide blue eye regard he . 



 " goodbye , dearest Curtie . " she put her arm around his neck and kiss he . without intend to , he hold she tightly . 



 he have an absurd impulse to instruct the bell captain to bring back Dodo 's bag from downstair , to tell she to stay and never to leave . he dismiss it as sentimental foolishness . 



 at the doorway she turn and wave back . he could not be sure , but he have an impression she be cry . 



 Herbie Chandler , who have personally come to accompany such an important guest , close the door from outside . 



 on the twelfth - floor landing , the bell captain rang for an elevator . the elevator seem slow this morning , Herbie Chandler think . 



 impatiently he depress the call button a second time , hold it down for several second . he be still tense , he realize . he have be tense ever since the session yesterday with McDermott , wonder just how and when the call would come , which would mark the end of Herbie 's career at the St. Gregory Hotel . 



 an elevator have arrive at last . its door open . 



 there be several people already inside , who ease politely to the rear as Dodo enter . Herbie Chandler follow . the door close . 



 it be number four elevator . the time be eleven minute past noon . 



 CHAPTER nine 



 it seem to the Duchess of Croydon as if she be wait for a slow - burn fuse to reach an unseen bomb . since last night , when the police detective leave , there have be no further word . 



 " you would almost think , " the Duke of Croydon venture , " that they be try to wear we down by silence . " 



 " if that be the case , " the Duchess respond , " well see to it that ... " 



 she be interrupt by the jangling of the telephone . the Duchess reach out her hand , then be stop by a premonition that this call would be different . 



 the Duke ask sympathetically , " would you rather I do it ? " 



 she shake her head . lift the telephone , she answer , " yes ? " 



 she say into the telephone , " yes , I remember . you be present when those ridiculous charge ... " 



 the Duchess stop . as she listen , her face pale . 



 she replace the receiver . her hand be tremble . 



 " the note . " her voice be scarcely audible . " the hotel manager have it . " 



 at length her husband ask , " and now ? " 



 " he be call the police . he say he decide to notify we first . " 



 " it be a little late to talk of decency , " he go into the adjoining bedroom , return almost at once with a light raincoat and a Homburg hat , " but if I can , I intend to tell to the police before they come to I . I imagine there be not much time , so I will say what I have to say quickly . " 



 in a control , quiet voice the Duke affirm , " I want you to know that I be grateful for all you do . I will do all I can to see that you be not involve . " 



 the Duchess nod dully . for one , whose entire life and future have collapse around he a few moment early , the Duke hold on remarkably . 



 " you will need money for the lawyer , " he remind she . " you could start he off with some of that fifteen thousand dollar you want to take to Chicago . " 



 a look of pity cross the Duke 's face . he say uncertainly , " it may be a long time ... " his arm go out toward she . 



 coldly , deliberately , she avert her head . 



 with a slight shrug her husband turn , then go out quietly , close the outer door behind he . 



 for a moment or two the Duchess sit passively , consider the future and weigh the disgrace ahead . then , habit reassert itself , she rise . she would arrange for the lawyer , which seem necessary at once . later , she decide calmly , she would examine the mean of suicide . 



 meanwhile , the money , which have be mention , should be put in a safe place . 



 it take only a few minute , mainly of unbelief , to discover that the case be go . when she consider the possibility of inform the police , the Duchess of Croydon convulse in hysterical laughter . 



 the Duke of Croydon seem to have be wait for the elevator on the ninth floor for several minute . now , at last , he could hear a car approach from above , its door open . 



 he step into number four elevator . 



 there be several people already inside , include an attractive blond girl and the hotel bell captain , who recognize the Duke . 



 " good day , your grace . " 



 the Duke of Croydon nod absently as the door slid close . 





 CHAPTER ten 



 it have take Keycase Milne most of last night and this morning to decide that what have occur be reality and not a hallucination . there be a temptation to check out at once . Keycase resist it . the night cashier would remember and could describe he . the good time to check out be mid - morning or later , when plenty of other people would be leave too . 



 still daze and unbelieving , Keycase sleep . 



 he wake up at 11:30 . he shave and dress quickly , then complete his packing and lock both suitcase . 



 he would leave the suitcase in his room , he decide , while he go down to pay his bill . he take only one key , his own key , 830 , for handing in when he leave his room for the last time . 



 the lobby be averagely busy , Keycase pay his bill and receive a friendly smile from the girl cashier . " be the room vacant now , sir ? " 



 " it will be in a few minute . I have to collect my bag , that be all . " 



 in 830 he take a last careful look around the room , then , pick up both suitcase , he leave . 



 his watch show ten past twelve . 



 on the eighth - floor landing he ring for an elevator . wait , he hear one come down . it stop at the floor above , start downward once more , then stop again . in front of Keycase , the door of number four elevator slide open . 



 at the front of the car be the Duke of Croydon . 



 for a horror - fill instant , Keycase have an impulse to turn and run . in the same split second , sanity tell he that the encounter be accidental . 



 the elevator operator , an elderly man , say , " go down ! " 



 alongside the operator be the hotel bell captain . nod to the two bag , the bell captain inquire , " shall I take those , sir ? " Keycase shake his head . 



 as he step into the elevator , the Duke of Croydon and a beautiful blond girl ease nearer the rear to make room . 



 the gate close . the operator , Cy Lewin , push the selector handle to " descend . " as he do , with a scream of tortured metal , the elevator car plunge downward , out of control . 





 CHAPTER ELEVEN 



 he owe it to Warren Trent , Peter McDermott decide , to explain personally what have occur concern the Duke and Duchess of Croydon . 



 Peter McDermott find the hotel proprietor in his main mezzanine office . Aloysius Royce be with his employer , help assemble personal possession , which he be pack into cardboard container . 



 " I will not need this office any more . I suppose it will be your . " Warren Trent tell Peter , but he have come for another reason . 



 Warren Trent listen attentively to the description of event since Peter 's departure from St. Louis cemetery yesterday afternoon , conclude with the telephone call , a few minute ago , to the Duchess of Croydon and the New Orleans police . 



 " I have no sympathy for the Croydons . you have handle it well . at least we have got rid of those dog . " 



 " I be afraid Ogilvie be involve pretty deeply . " 



 " this time he be go too far . he will take the consequence . I suppose you wonder why I have always be lenient with Ogilvie . " 



 " yes , " Peter say . 



 " he be my wife 's nephew . I assure you that my wife and Ogilvie have nothing in common . but many year ago she ask I to give he a job here , and I promise to keep he employ . I have never , really , want to undo that . " 



 how do you explain , Warren Trent wonder , that it be the only link with hester he have . 



 " I be sorry , " Peter say . " I do not know ... " 



 " that I be ever marry ? " the old man smile . " not many do . my wife come with I to this hotel . we be both young . she die soon after . " 



 it be a reminder , Warren Trent think , of the loneliness he have endure across the year , and of the great loneliness soon to come . 



 without warning , the door from the outer office fly open . Christine stumble in breathless . she barely get the word out . 



 " there be be ... terrible accident ! one of the elevator . I be in the lobby ... it be horrible ! People be trap ... they be scream . " 



 Peter McDermott brush she aside . Aloysius Royce be close behind . 





 CHAPTER TWELVE 



 as one set of safety clamp hold and the other fail , the number four car twist and buckle . with a thunder of tear metal , impel by its own weight and speed , plus the heavy load inside , the car split open . on one side low than the other because the floor be now tilt at a steep angle - a gap several foot high appear between floor and wall . scream , clutch wildly at each other , the passenger slide toward it . 



 Cy Lewin , the elderly operator , who be near , be first to fall through . his single scream , as he fall nine floor , be cut off when his body hit the concrete . an elderly couple from Salt Lake City fall next , clasp each other . like Cy Lewin , they die as their body smash against the ground . the Duke of Croydon fall awkwardly , strike an iron bar on the side of the shaft , which impale he . the bar break off , but he be dead before his body reach the ground . 



 somehow , other hold on . while they do , the remain two safety clamp give way , send the wrecked car fall down the remain distance of the shaft . part way , a youngish conventioneer dentist slip through the gap . he be to survive the accident , but die three day later of internal injury . 



 Herbie Chandler fall when the car be near the end of its descent . tumble into the adjoining shaft , he sustain head injury from which he would recover , and fractured vertebrae , which would make he a paraplegic , never walk again for the remainder of his life . 



 as the car hit bottom , Dodo be last to fall . an arm be break and her skull crack hard against a guide rail . she lie unconscious , close to death , as blood gush from a massive head wound . 



 three other - a Gold Crown Cola conventioneer , his wife , and Keycase Milne - be miraculously unhurt . 



 beneath the wreck elevator car , Billyboi Noble , the maintenance worker who , some ten minute early , have lower himself into the elevator pit , lie with leg and pelvis crush , conscious , bleeding , and scream . 





 CHAPTER THIRTEEN 



 when Peter McDermott reach the lobby , it be a scene of pandemonium . there be confuse shout and frighten screaming . in front of the crowd , a white - face assistant manager and a bellboy be attempt to try open the metal door to number four elevator shaft . cashier , room clerk , and office worker be pour out from behind counter and desk . restaurant and bar be empty into the lobby , waiter and bartender follow their customer . 



 as loudly as he could , Peter shout above the uproar , " quiet ! please stand back and we will do everything we can . " 



 he catch a room clerk 's eye . " have anyone call the Fire Department ? " 



 " I be not sure , sir . " 



 Peter snap , " do it now ! " he instruct another , " get onto the police . tell they we need ambulance , doctor , someone to control the crowd . " 



 a tall , lean man in a tweed jacket step forward . " I be a marine officer . tell I what you want . " 



 Peter say gratefully , " the center of the lobby must be keep clear . use hotel staff to form a cordon . keep a passageway open to the main entrance . " 



 the tall man begin crack command . 



 a maintenance worker run into the lobby , " we need help at the bottom of the shaft . there be a guy trap under the car . we can not get he out or get at the other . " 



 Peter snap , " let us get down there ! " 



 a gray brick tunnel , dimly light , lead to the elevator shaft . here , the cry they have hear above be audible again , but now with great closeness . 



 Peter shout to the man not occupy , " get more light in here ! " 



 he instruct the maintenance man who have come to the lobby , " get back upstairs . guide the fireman down . " Aloysius Royce , on his knee beside the debris , shout , " and send a doctor - now ! " 



 the man nod and run back the way they have come . 



 the chief engineer , Doc Vickery , shoulder his way through the tonnel , " my God ! I warn if we do not spend money , something like this ... " he seize Peter 's arm . " you have hear I enough time ... " 



 " later , chief . " it be evident that the chief be in no condition to take charge . Peter instruct he , " check on the other elevator . do not take chance of a repetition . " Bowed and break , the old man move away . 



 Peter return to the elevator shaft . Aloysius Royce have ease himself under part of the debris and be hold the shoulder of the injure , scream maintenance man . it be clear that a mass of wreckage rest on his leg . 



 Peter take one of the injure man 's hand . " help be come . " 



 Distantly , high above , he could hear a grow wail of siren . 





 CHAPTER fourteen 



 the room clerk 's telephone summon reach the Fire Alarm Office in City Hall . automatically , four fire hall respond - Central on Decatur , Tulane , South Rampart , and dumaine . within less than a minute , five engine company , two hook and ladder , emergency , rescue and salvage unit , a deputy chief and two district chief be on the way to the St. Gregory . 



 the Police Complaint Department receive its warning two way - from the Fire Alarm Office and directly from the hotel . 



 two woman communication clerk write the information on message blank , a moment later hand they to a radio dispatcher . the message go out : all ambulance to the St. Gregory Hotel . 





 CHAPTER fifteen 



 three floor below the St. Gregory lobby , in the tunnel to the elevator shaft , the noise , command , moan and cry continue . a young man with a medical bag be approach they . 



 " Doctor ! " Peter call urgently . " over here ! " 



 the newcomer join Peter and Aloysius Royce . Billyboi Noble scream again . 



 the doctor produce a syringe . Peter push back Billyboi 's sleeve . within second the morphine have take hold . Billyboi 's head fall back . his eye close . 



 " I have not much with I . I come off the street . how quickly can you get he out ? " 



 " as soon as we have help . it be come . " 



 more run footstep . helmeted fireman stream in . with they , bright lantern , heavy equipment - axis , power jack , cut tool , lever bar . little talk . 



 " a jack under there . get this heavy stuff move ! " 



 from above , the sound of yield metal . a stream of light as shaft door open at the lobby level . a cry , " we need ladder here ! " 



 the young doctor 's command : " I must have this man out ! 



 " we need a small jack ! " 



 Peter 's voice . " that bar there ! the one high . if we move it , it will lift the low , leave clearance for the jack . " 



 " twenty ton up there . shift something , it can all come down . when we start , we will take it slow . " 



 Royce and Peter , shoulder together , back under the high bar , arm interlock . strain upward ! nothing . Strain hard again ! still hard ! do the impossible ! a shout , " the jack be in ! " the straining end . down . the jack turning , lifting . Debris rise . 



 the doctor 's voice , quietly . " take your time . he just die . " 



 the dead and injure be bring upward by the ladder one by one . woman be cry . some man have turn away . 



 one by one the ambulance race away . first , with Herbie Chandler ; next , the injure dentist who would die . other ambulance drive more slowly to the city morgue . inside the hotel , a police captain question witness , seek name of victim . 



 Dodo be bring up last . a doctor have apply a compression dress to the gape head wound . Keycase Milne , ignore offer of help himself , have stay with Dodo , hold she , guide rescuer to where she lay . Keycase be last out . the Gold Crown Cola conventioneer and his wife precede he . a fireman pass up the bag - Dodo 's and Keycase 's - from the elevator 's wreckage to the lobby . a uniformed city policeman receive and guard they . 



 Peter McDermott have return to the lobby when Dodo be bring out . she be white and still . two doctor work over her briefly . the young doctor shake his head . 



 behind the cordon , a man be shout , " let I pass ! " 



 Peter motion to the cordon to part . Curtis O'Keefe came rush through . 



 when Peter last see he , he be on the street outside , plead to be allow in the ambulance . the intern nod . door slam . the ambulance race away . 





 CHAPTER SIXTEEN 



 barely believe his own deliverance , Keycase climb the ladder in the elevator shaft . in the lobby Keycase find that he could stand and move unaided . once more , his brain be alert . uniform be all around . they frighten he . 



 his two suitcase ! if the large one have burst open ! ... but no . they be with several other nearby . he move toward they . 



 a policeman behind say , " Sir , there be an ambulance wait . everyone must go , sir . it be for a check . for your own protection . " 



 Keycase protest , " I must have my bag . " 



 the young policeman carry the bag and escort Keycase to the ambulance . 



 while the policeman be go , Keycase pick up his bag and melt into the crowd . 



 he continue to walk , without haste , to the outdoor parking lot where he have leave his car yesterday . he have a sense of peace and confidence . nothing could possibly happen to he now . 



 from downtown , Keycase drive carefully to the motel on Chef Menteur Highway where he have cache his early loot . its value be small , compare with the glorious fifteen thousand dollar cash , but still worthwhile . 



 make sure he be unobserve , he load the suitcase into the car , place the coat beside they . he check out of the motel and pay a balance owe on his bill . 



 his destination be Detroit . on the way he would do some serious thinking about the future . for a number of year Keycase have promise himself that if ever he acquire a reasonably substantial sum of money , he would use it to buy a small garage . there he would settle down to work honestly through the sunset of his day . 



 but have not the success of the past three day be an oman ? perhaps after all , Keycase reflect , he should continue the old way for a while . the garage could come later . 



 approach the junction of Canal Street and City Park Avenue , Keycase observe that the intersection 's traffic light have fail . a policeman be direct traffic from the center of the road on the Canal Street side . 



 a few yard from the intersection , Keycase feel a tire go flat . 



 Motor Patrolman Nicholas Clancy , of the New Orleans Police , have once be accuse " the dumb cop " . 



 despite long service , which have make he a veteran , Clancy have never once advance in rank or even be consider for promotion . with no arrest make , his record be inglorious . one solitary thing in line of duty give Clancy not the slight trouble - direct traffic . he enjoy it . 



 from the opposite side of the avenue , Clancy see the gray Ford slow and stop . he stroll across . " flat tire ? " 



 Keycase nod . 



 he be remember the single , simple factor his plan have overlook . the spare tire and jack be in the trunk . to reach they , he must open the trunk , reveal the fur coat and the suitcase . 



 " guess you will have to change the wheel , eh ? " 



 he could do it fast . three minute at the most . if only the cop leave ... 



 " get busy around here . you would well start now . " 



 Keycase draw the key from the ignition . he force a smile . " it be all right , officer . I can handle it . " 



 Clancy say good - naturedly , " I will give you a hand . " 



 an impulse seize Keycase to abandon the car and run . instead , he insert the key and open the trunk . scarcely a minute later , he have the jack in place , wheel nut be loosen , and he be raise the rear bumper . the suitcase and fur coat be heap to one side in the trunk . as he work , Keycase could see the cop contemplate the collection . incredibly , so far , he have say nothing . 



 Clancy lean down and finger one of the coat . " bit hot for these . " 



 " my wife ... sometimes feel cold . " 



 " little lady not with you , eh ? " 



 " I ... I be pick she up . " 



 Keycase freeze . 



 Fate have present he a chance , and he have throw it away . now , in anger , fate have turn its back . Terror strike as he remember what , a few minute early , he have forget - the awful price of one more conviction ; the long imprisonment last , perhaps , for the remainder of his life . 



 Freedom have never seem more precious . 



 at last , Keycase know what the omen of the past day and a half have really mean . they have offer he release , a chance for a new and decent life , an escape to tomorrow . 



 be it too late now - at least for hope ? 



 he vow that if he escape this moment , he would never again , in all his life , do one more dishonest thing . 



 Keycase open his eye . the cop be walk to another car , whose driver have stop to ask direction . 



 Keycase have the trunk repacke when the cop return . 



 Clancy nod approvingly , " all finish , eh ? " 



 Keycase slam the trunk lid down . for the first time , Motor Patrolman Clancy see the Michigan license plate . 



 Green on white . Clancy wish he could remember . 



 from behind , an impatient horn . Clancy seem to remember he be a policeman . " let us get this lane clear . " 



 Green and white . the thought still bother he . 



 Keycase drive forward . Clancy watch he go . after all , he have be call " the dumb cop " . 





 CHAPTER SEVENTEEN 



 Curtis O'Keefe follow close behind the stretcher bear Dodo , almost run to keep up . 



 swinge door mark accident room open to meet the stretcher . inside be nurse , doctor , activity , other stretcher . a male attendant bar Curtis O'Keefe 's way . " wait here , please . " 



 Curtis O'Keefe try to protest but remain face the door . his eye be mist , his heart despairing . 



 it have all happen less than half an hour ago . after Dodo 's leavetaking , instinct tell he that something have go from his life that he might never find again . rationality win out . he remain where he be . 



 a few minute later he hear the siren . the activity below make he decide to go down . on the twelfth - floor landing , after almost five minute , when an elevator fail to come , O'Keefe decide to use the emergency stair . as he go down , he discover other have have the same idea . 



 in the lobby he learn from excited spectator the essential fact of what have occur . it be then he pray with intensity that Dodo have leave the hotel before the accident . a moment later he see she carry , unconscious , from the elevator shaft . the look of death be on her face . 



 in that instant , Curtis O'Keefe discover the truth he have shield from himself so long . he love she . he know too late that let Dodo go have be the great single error of his life . 



 when the nurse approach he , she shake her head and hurry on . 



 he have a sense of helplessness . there be so little he could do , but he would do it . 



 he open door mark private and stop before the Director 's desk . when Curtis O'Keefe identify himself , the Director 's anger lessen . 



 fifteen minute later O'Keefe be introduce to Dr. Beauclaire . 



 " I understand that you be a friend of the young lady . we be do everything we can . but I must tell you there be a strong possibility she may not live . " 



 " Doctor , if there be anything you need - a question of money , professional help ... " 



 the Director interrupt quietly . " this be a free hospital , Mr O'Keefe . it be for emergency . all the same , there be service here that money could not buy . I should tell you that Dr. Beauclaire be one of the lead neurosurgeon in the country . " 



 O'Keefe say humbly , " I be sorry . " 



 " perhaps there be one thing , " the doctor say , " the patient be unconscious now , and under sedation . early , she ask for her mother . if it be possible to get her mother here ... " 



 " it be possible . " it be a relief that at least there be something he could do . 



 from a corridor pay phone , Curtis O'Keefe call to Akron , Ohio , and instruct , " you be to contact a Mrs. Irene Lash of Exchange Street , Akron . I do not have the number of a house . " O'Keefe remember the street from the day that he and Dodo have telegraph the basket of fruit . 



 O'Keefe continue , " see she personally and say that her daughter might soon die . I want Mrs. Lash fly to New Orleans by the fast possible mean . disregard expense . " 



 as soon as the arrangement be know , O'Keefe instruct , he be to be contact at Charity Hospital . 



 ninety minute later , an operating room be be readie for Dodo . before she be wheel into the operating room , Curtis O'Keefe have be permit to see she briefly . she be pale and unconscious . 



 Dodo 's mother be on her way . 



 for the moment there be nothing to do but wait . 



 suddenly , he have a desire to pray . he clasp his hand and lower his head . 



 strangely , for the first time in many year , he could find no word for what be in his heart . 





 CHAPTER EIGHTEEN 



 Dusk be settle over the city . soon , Peter McDermott think , the night would come , with sleep and , for a while , forgetfulness . tomorrow , the immediacy of today 's event would begin recede . but it would be many dusk before those , who be close to today 's event , would be free from a sense of tragedy and terror . 



 the grim , sad process of identify the dead and notify family have be complete . where the hotel be to aid with funeral , arrangement have begin . 



 elevator service have be partially restore . 



 insurance investigator be collect statement . 



 but despite today 's tragedy , it be necessary to think ahead . 



 on Monday , a team of consultant would fly from New York to begin plan for replacement of all passenger elevator machinery with new . 



 the resignation of the chief engineer be on Peter 's desk . he intend to accept it . the chief , Doc Vickery , must be honorably retire , with the pension befit his long year of service to the hotel . 



 M. Hebrand , the chef de cuisine , would also retire and Andre Lemieux would be promote to his place . much of the St. Gregory 's future would depend on young Andre Lemieux and his project . 



 there must be other appointment and a reorganization of department . 



 there be his own future with Christine . the thought of it be inspiring and exciting . 



 other unfinished business still remain . an hour ago , Captain Yolles of the New Orleans Police have drop into Peter 's office . he have come from an interview with the Duchess of Croydon . " when you be with she , " Yolles say , " you sit there wonder what be under all that solid ice . do she feel about the way her husband die ? " later , answer Peter 's question , Yolles say , " yes , we will charge she as an accessory , and she will be arrest after the funeral . " Ogilvie have already be charge . 



 when Captain Yolles have go , the office be quiet . after a while , Peter hear the outer door open and close , then there be a light tap . he call , " come in ! " 



 it be Aloysius Royce . the young Negro carry a tray with a martini pitcher and a single glass , " I think maybe you could do with this . " 



 " thank , " Peter say . " but I never drink alone . " 



 " I have an idea you would say that . " from his pocket , Royce produce a second glass . 



 they drink in silence . 



 Peter ask , " do you deliver Mrs. Lash ? " 



 Royce nod . " drove she right to the hospital . I take she to Mr O'Keefe . " 



 " thank you . " after Curtis O'Keefe 's call , Peter have want someone at the airport on whom he could rely . it be the reason he have ask Royce to go . 



 " they would finish operate when we get to the hospital . the young lady - Miss Lash - will be all right . Mr O'Keefe tell I they be go to be marry . her mother seem to like the idea . " 



 Peter smile fleetingly . " I suppose most mother would . " 



 there be a silence , then Royce say , " I hear about the meeting this morning . the way thing turn out . " 



 Peter nod . " the hotel be desegregate . you might stay with W.T. , and you would be entirely free . there ' legal work for the hotel as well . " 



 " I will thank you for that , " Royce say . " but the answer 's no . I tell Mr Trent this afternoon - I be leave , right after graduation . " he refill the martini glass . " we be in a war , you and I - on opposite side . what I can do , with what I have learn about the law , I intend to do for my people . you will have your share here . you have desegregate , but that be not the end . there will be problem - with our people who will not behave nicely , who will embarrass you because some be the way they be . " 



 " it may not be easy , " Peter say . " I will try to be objective . " 



 " you will . other will not . all the same , it be the way the war will go . there be just one good thing . once in a while there will be truce . " Royce pick up the tray with the pitcher and the empty glass . " I guess this be one . " 



 the cycle of another innkeeping day be about to end . 



 this have differ from most , but routine have continue . reservation , reception , administration , housekeeping , engineering , garage , kitchen ... all have combine in a single , simple function . to welcome the traveler , sustain he , provide he with rest , and speed he on . 



 soon , the cycle would begin again . 



 wearily , Peter McDermott prepare to leave . near the stairway to the lobby he see himself in a mirror . for the first time , he realize that the suit he be wear be rumple and soil . it become that way , he reflect , under the elevator debris where Billyboi die . 



 as he smooth the jacket with his hand , he remember about a fold paper in his pocket . Christine have give it to he as he leave the meeting this morning , where he have stake his career on a principle , and win . 



 he open it curiously . it read : it will be a fine hotel because it will be like the man who be to run it . at the bottom - in small lettering , Christine have write : P.S. I love you . 



 smile , he go downstairs to the lobby of his hotel . 





 - the END - 



 Hope you have enjoy the reading ! 



 come back to https://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting story ! 





